|3Yoyuame) aeW aite Behatel
My Life Story
Chung Ju-yung
November 25, 1915 Born in Asan-ri » Tongcheon, Gangwon
Province.
1919~1922 Attends his grandfather's eoture, a Ly
Confucian village school.
March 1930 Graduates from Songjeon Primary School.
1933 Runs away from home for the last time and works as
a day laborer at Incheon docks and the construction site for
Boseong Vocational School (now Korea University). Finds
employment at the Pungjeon Taffy Factory.
April 1946 Establishes the Hyundai Motor Service Center
in Cho-dong, Seoul. =:
May 25, 1947 Establishes theH yundai Construction Company.
February 1971 Assumes Chairmanship of Hyundai.
January 1976 Hyundai starts to produce the Pony, Korea’s
babeyenyisero)dbiare Coeya (crelelarb iao ycorenttacteme-basertere( p
June 17, 1976 Hyundai wins the contract to construct the
Jubail Industrial Port, Saudi Arabia, the world’s largest deep-
sea construction project.
February 1977 Elected Chairman of the Federation of Korean
Industries.
May 1981 Elected Chairman of the 1988 Seoul Olympics
Bidding Committee. :
January 6, 1989 Visits the Soviet Union for ROK-USSR
economic cooperation talks.
January 23, 1989 Visits North Korea to propose a joint Mt.
Geumgang development project.
March 21, 2001 Passes away.

Fie site
ee
Born of This Land
My Life Story
Digitized by the Internet Archive
In 2022 with funding from
Kahle/Austin Foundation
https://archive.org/details/bornofthislandmy0000chon
| Chung Ju-yung |
Born of This Land
My Life Story
ASANACADEMY
| Table of Contents
Preface for the English Edition - viii
Editorial Note - xiv
Prologue - 02
| Chapter 1 |
My Hometown, My Parents - 05
My hometown, Tongcheon - 06
My childhood and leaving my hometown - 13
| Chapter 2 |
The Birth of Hyundai - 19
From dock worker to rice shop owner - 20
An auto-repair shop, a fire, and Ado Service again - 25
Blessing in disguise at the Holdong Mine - 31
Postliberation in Donam-dong - 32
Hyundai Auto Service Center, Hyundai Construction,
and the Korean War - 36
The ordeal of Goryeong Bridge - 49
Goryeong Bridge, a blessing in disguise - 54
Success is all about timing and decision-making - 59
Shin-yung, my brother - 65
| Chapter 3 |
My Construction Business - 71
Construction, the key to modernization - 72
Going overseas - 75
Building the Soyang River Dam - 81
The Gyeongbu Expressway: Korea’s main artery - 90
I am a builder - 101
| Chapter 4 |
The Hyundai Motor Company and Hyundai Shipbuilding - 105
The Hyundai Motor Company gets its start - 106
Our first car -1 12
Dreaming of a shipyard - 128
In search of credit - 132
Someone crazier than me - 141
Leaving a mark in shipbuilding - 144
To laugh or cry? - 148
The oil shock of 1973 - 152
| Chapter 5 |
Drama in the Middle East and the Milestone Year, 1980 - 157
My near-death experience « 158
To the Middle East we go : 163
High drama in Jubail -1 65
Hurdle, after hurdle, after hurdle - 171
Mock us if you will - 177
The “thinking bulldozer” - 183
Giving back to society through the Asan Foundation - 185
Korea’s business leader - 190
A difficult late 1970s - 197
Hyundai Heavy Industries under siege - 200
A dark period - 206
| Chapter 6 |
The 1988 Olympics and Korea’s Fifth Republic - 209
President Park Chung-hee and Korea’s bid for
the 1988 Olympics - 210
Going all out in Baden-Baden - 214
Two years and two months: serving on the Korean Sport &
Olympic Committee - 225
Reclaiming land for a small nation - 231
The bombing in Rangoon - 240
Growing pains - 244
| Chapter 7 |
Mt. Geumgang and Siberia - 251
The evolution of the Mt. Geumgang project - 252
Meeting Gorbachev - 261
Claiming a stake in Siberia - 264
| Chapter 8 |
Loving My Country, Loving the People - 271
Human capital above all else - 272
Hyundai is wealthy, not I - 274
Businesses contribute to their nation - 278
The bigger the better - 283
When will the private sector lead the economy? - 288
Fundamentals over frippery - 292
| Chapter 9 |
My Philosophy, the Spirit of Hyundai -2 95
The Hyundai spirit - 296
No more corruption, please - 298
Money and wealth are not the same - 301
Frugality and honesty lead to wealth - 303
Positive thinking is the road to happiness - 308
The conditions for happiness - 313
An ordinary wife - 316
For the nation - 321
Epilogue - 326
Appendix A: Photos of Chung Ju-yung with Family - 329
Appendix B: Chronology - 337
Notes + 353
| Preface for the English Edition |
My father’s autobiography was originally published in 1997. The book
has been the standard reference for his life story ever since. It seemed
only natural that an English edition would follow. Initially, however, I
was hesitant about having the book translated because I was not sure a
translation could do justice to the author’s inimitable style of writing
which so accurately conveyed the way he thought and acted. It has been
many years in the making, but there is now a translation that I dare
say does at least partial justice to the original and that I am happy and
honored to preface.
My father was a nation-builder, figuratively and literally. He built so
much of the infrastructure and landmarks in Korea that we still use and
see around us today. He was a businessman who built one of the most
successful companies in the world. He established schools, hospitals and
the largest philanthropic organization in Korea. He brought the 1988
Seoul Olympics to Korea. He was a leader of inter-Korean reconciliation,
undertaking daring initiatives that thawed the once frozen relationship.
However, for me, he was first and foremost my father who showered
me with love and made me who I am today. In the words that he used
to describe his own father, he was “the progenitor of my body and soul,
the bestower of my health, work ethic, frugality, patience, commitment,
and devotion, the one man who taught me the morals that have made
me the man I am, my greatest mentor—my father.”
Reading this book, I felt his presence, as if he were by my side.
Knowing all the things that he had to go through to provide me with
unparalleled opportunities, I now look back on my own life and wonder
whether I have truly lived up to his expectations.
Preface for the English Edition | ix
This book brings back so many poignant memories.
My most poignant memories of him are not so much his
accomplishments as to how hard he worked day in and day out, how he
struggled. Why does one start a business? ‘The usual answer is, to provide
for one’s family and to contribute to the national economy. But we forget
just how much of a struggle it is to keep a business afloat. As my father
said, you need to “pour all your blood, sweat, and tears into trying to make
it succeed.”
From when he was starting his first auto-repair shop in a small
make-shift garage to when he was building the dry docks for what
was to become the world’s largest shipbuilding company, it was a daily
struggle against impending disaster, trying to keep things going when
so many things could, and did, go wrong. In 1973, while he was driving
himself through the shipyard construction site in the early morning in
a raging storm, his jeep fell off the breakwater into the sea. As the water
started to pour into the jeep and as he was trying desperately to kick the
door open, he remembers thinking to himself, “If 1 don’t make it, people
will say that I disappeared because I could not handle the mountain of
debt that I was under.”
His was also a lifetime spent making possible the seemingly
impossible. From his first auto-repair shop that burnt down to building
the Soyang River Dam, the Seoul-Busan Expressway, Hyundai Motors,
Hyundai Heavy Industries, Seosan Reclamation Project, winning the
bid to host the 1988 Seoul Olympics, to crossing the DMZ with 1001
heads of cow in tow, he did what others said would be impossible. When
someone said that a proposed project would be “impossible,” his famous
response was, “Did you try?”
The Korea where he grew up was still a colony of Imperial Japan.
He was 30 years old when the country became independent. Even after
independence, South Korea was a small war-torn country on the front-
line of the Cold War gone hot. Its geopolitics was matched by economic
x | Born of This Land: My Life Story
as well as political underdevelopmentT.h e country seemed to hold little
promise. However, my father had trust in himself and in the Korean
people who he said are “sincere, virtuous, and kind in the pursuit of
excellence.” This book chronicles my father’s struggles as he faced the
challenges of being on the frontlines of South Korea’s budding, fragile
economy.
Today, South Korea is the seventh country in the world with a
population of more than 50 million to reach USD 30,000 per capita
income level. Its per capita income in purchasing power parity (PPP)
terms is similar to Japan’s. That my father and others of his generation
were somehow able to hew to the principles of liberal democracy and free
market economy and lead us to where we are today is a true testament
to their character and the enormity of their achievements.
My father was a self-taught man. All the formal education that he
received was three years of traditional Confucian education at a village
school (seodang) run by his grandfather and three years of modern
elementary school. He more than made up for whatever shortfalls through
voracious reading: “Even though my education stopped after the sixth
grade, I’ve always enjoyed reading great books. If my first mentors were
my parents, then my second mentors were books. From these books,
I’ve learned that life is but a sequence of days. Just as important as
seeking meaning in the totality of life, it is perhaps more important to
find meaning in daily life.”
He had a wonderfully positive disposition and a rigorous work
ethic. He could see the silver lining in even the most dire situation.
His recollection of the backbreaking work that he undertook under
grandfather's direction on the tiny family plot illustrates this better than
anything else: “Thankfully, I’m a naturally positive person. I was born
with the ability to accentuate the positive rather than the negative.
Since I was 10 years old, I worked with my father under the scorching
sun. I worked all day, never taking time to stretch my aching back. But
Preface for the English Edition | xi
in all that time, never once did I complain or slack off. When the time
came to take a short break in the shade, those precious moments when
I could feel the cool breeze on my face were like Heaven. Returning
home exhausted, I slept soundly and woke up the next morning ready
to go. Even food tasted as sweet as honey.”
My father was a patriot. Even in the midst of a constant struggle to
sustain his business, he never lost sight of the larger context, the nation:
“We are not merely merchants out for a buck. We are a group of gifted
individuals united by the call to lead our country, to build our national
economy, and to serve as the backbone of our economic prosperity.”
When the government asked him to take on the seemingly impossible
task of winning the right to host the 1988 Olympics, he took on the
challenge without hesitation. Seoul’s competitor was Nagoya, Japan. South
Korea, at the time, was not an ideal place to host the Olympic Games.
President Park Chung-hee, who had initiated the bid, was assassinated.
The South Korean economy experienced a major setback. At the beginning
of the bidding process, it was jokingly said that South Korea had at most
2 votes, its own and one confused member’s. Still, my father managed
to win the bid against all odds.
As he was campaigning for Korea’s bid in Baden-Baden, Germany,
the venue of the IOC Congress, people asked him why Korea should
host the Olympics. My father answered, “Japan had already hosted the
1964 Tokyo Olympics. Japan is not the only country in Asia.” It was his
sheer determination, imagination, and personality that moved the IOC
members to vote for Seoul. I was an eyewitness. I was at his side.
The 1988 Seoul Olympics not only showcased South Korea's arrival
on the world stage as a major economic player. It was also the first Olympics
in which both the Eastern and Western blocs participated after the 1980
Moscow Olympics that the Western bloc boycotted, and the 1984 Los
Angeles Olympics that the Eastern bloc, in turn, boycotted. Before the
Seoul Olympics, the propaganda in the Eastern bloc still described South
xii | Born of This Land: My Life Story
Korea as a colony of the capitalist U.S., a country still in ruins after the
Korean War, its streets filled with beggars.
The Seoul Olympics showed the world that the free market economy
worked. To this day,I b elieve that it was no accident that the Tiananmen
Square incident occurred in 1989, a year after the 1988 Seoul Olympics,
followed by the disintegration of the Soviet Union and the Eastern bloc
starting in 1990.
Because of the Olympics, my father became the head of Korean
Sport & Olympic Committee. This is how I also became involved in
national and international sports, heading up Korea Football Association
and winning the right to co-host the 2002 Korea-Japan FIFA World
Cup. Like so many things in my life, it was my father who provided me
with the opportunity for which I am grateful.
My father was a rooted person. He always yearned to go home to
Asan-ri at the foot of Mount Geumgang, now in North Korea. His
favorite spot was the hotel that he built in Gangneung because it was the
closest he could get physically, to his hometown in the North. When an
opportunity came for him to help in the rapprochement between the
two Koreas, he plunged in with his usual vision and energy. He crossed
the DMZ with 1001 heads of cow that he raised on the Seosan Farm
that he built to honor his father, a farmer.
For my father, this was his “homecoming.” The third time that he
ran away from home, he took the money that his father made selling
the only cow that the family owned. The “1” of the “1001” heads of
cow symbolized him returning the “principle” in addition to the 1000
heads in “interest,” as well as the 100 brand new Hyundai trucks used
as transportation.
To help impoverished North Korea, he built the Gaesung Industrial
Complex and started the Mount Geumgang Tourism project, to this day
the only joint South-North ventures that actually worked to the benefit
of both Koreas.
Preface for the English Edition | xiii
Today, the inter-Korean relations is in a crisis. The South Korean
economy and politics also face enormous challenges. Some say that the
“Miracle on the Han River,” is turning into the “Mirage of the Han River.”
I often wonder, what would my father do?
He had the ability to remain unperturbed in the face of seemingly
insurmountable difficulties that came from a deep sense of inner peace.
One of his favorite poems was “The Green Mountain Tells Me,” composed
by a 14" century Korean poet.
The Green Mountain tells me to live silently
The Open Sky tells me to live without blemish
Discard love, discard hate
Live and depart as the water and the wind
The Green Mountain tells me to live silently
The Open Sky tells me to live without blemish
Discard anger, discard greed
Live and depart as the water and the wind
My father lived a full life. As he looked back on his life in his later
years, he said, “As a businessman and a hard working laborer born of
this land, I feel an infinite sense of pride that I have contributed my
share to this country’s breakthrough.... I believe that 90 percent of my
life has been full of joy and meaning. I have truly lived well.”
I miss his wisdom, his exuberant optimism, and his ability to rise
to any occasion. Most of all, Im iss him as only an adoring son can.
Chung Mong Joon
| Editorial Note |
The editors have taken the liberty of deleting some passages that, given
the passage of time since the book was first written, seemed to hold little
relevance for the English readership while detracting from the flow of the
author’s narrative. At the same time, we have added endnotes, photos,
maps, and a timeline to provide fuller historical context for the readers.


Born of This Land
My Life Story
| Prologue |
It seems like only yesterday we completed sowing the seeds at Seosan
Farm. But now, the undulating waves of green rice plants covering what
were once empty fields dazzle with their beauty.
Visitors who have seen the farm are always amazed by its size. But
from the very beginning,I cared little that it would take three and a half
hours in a car driven at 40 kilometers per hour to survey the entire farm.
The farm’s massive size is shaped more by the natural contours of the
land rather than by human hands.
For me, the very size of the Seosan Farm has never overshadowed its
meaning and allure. The Seosan Farm was the painstaking accomplishment
of a man whose fingernails were worn down in cultivating the rocky, infertile
soil, plot by plot, hand by hand. This ground, this soil, is my belated gift
to my father. When I gaze across the farm, Ia m overwhelmed with grief
that my father passed before seeing this place. But I console myself in
the belief that, were he to be looking down from heaven, he would be
heartened to behold the vast farm created by the son of a man who lived
his entire life as a poor farmer.
A farmer from birth to death and head to toe, the progenitor of my
body and soul, the bestower of my health, work ethic, frugality, patience,
commitment, and devotion, the man who taught me the morals that
have made me the man I am, my greatest mentor—my father.
Though people may view him as a run-of-the-mill farmer no different
from any other, I venerated and adored him more than anybody else in
the world. Whenever I come down to the farm, I always imagine that
he is right there next to me, inspecting the farm and the cowshed, and
even barking orders to the workers like he used to.
Prologue | 03
I am over 80 years old now. I have lived 20 years longer than my
father. He passed away shortly after his 61% birthday. The common
adage that it is rare to see a man live beyond threescore and ten has now
become outdated as life expectancy has risen. Being over 80 years old is
emblematic of a full life, yet it is not something to boast about.
This year, 1997, marks the 50® anniversary of the founding of Hyundai
Engineering & Construction. 50 years is half a century. During these 50
years, Korea endured Japanese colonialism; national liberation in 1945;
the Korean War in 1950; the student revolution in 1960; the coup d’%tat
in 1961; the assassination of President Park Chung-hee in 1979; the
governments of Chun Doo-hwan and Roh Tae-woo which further
extended military rule, bringing the total number of years in which the
military dominated Korean politics to 30; and now, five years of the so-
called “civilian era” under Kim Young-sam government.
Hardly a day of tranquility existed in these 50 years of turbulence.
Looking back to those times, I am very proud that Hyundai has held
steadfast through the storms, survived and matured to this very day.
The “Hyundai people” have encouraged me to write a memoir for
their 50" anniversary. Initially, 1 was not enthusiastic about the idea.
I understand there have been several books written about me. Some have
been written by novelists, and some have been non-fiction works utilizing
various sources. Such works may contain errors, but broadly speaking
they will be similar since their sources were things that I have said. I
thought it would be meaningful for me to reflect on my life and better
organize my thoughts and experiences so I agreed to write this memoir.
As everyone knows, my education was limited to primary school,
and I do not possess exceptional writing skills or an exemplary character.
What’s more, because of my frantic work schedule, I have not had the
time to come up with a noble philosophy to tug at the heart strings.
The reason I am writing this memoir despite these shortcomings is
to reinforce my message to the younger generation who will shape the
04 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
future of this country. With strong conviction and concentrated effort,
everyone has an equal chance to succeed.
Someone once said, “time is a form of capital provided equally to
everyone.”I c ouldn't agree more. If I can be considered a successful person
in my chosen profession, it is only because I was able to do my very
best, based on strong convictions, and made the best use of this “evenly
distributed capital.”
There are now 1,700 heads of cattle on the Seosan Farm, and every
day about four calves are born. I can vividly remember twin calves barely an
hour old, clinging to their mother’s flanks and blinking their innocent eyes.
Although he devoted much of his energy to farming the land, my
father was also diligent in raising our cattle. From an early age, my
brothers and I were called to gather their fodder. The proceeds from the
sale of our cattle were used to provide some financial support to his
siblings on special occasions, such as their weddings. When there were
no such special occasions, my father would use the money to purchase
more farmland.
The Seosan Farm holds a meaning beyond just a love for the land.
For me, it is a sacred place where my mind and spirit can be with my father.
Late 1997
From my study in Cheongun-dong
Chung Ju-yung
Chapter 1
My Hometown, My Parents
“I strongly believe that people must work to live a full life.
Work itself is a blessing from God.”
| Chapter 1 |
My Hometown, My Parents
My hometown, Tongcheon
Going north from Gangneung along Korea’s east coast, you pass Sokcho,
Hwajinpo, Goseong, and the town of Tongcheon. Immediately north
of Tongcheon is Haegeumgang Chongseokjeong, which is considered
the best of the renowned “Eight Scenic Wonders of the Gwandong
region’ of Korea. Further north of Chongseokjeong is Songjeon Beach.
Song jeon means “pine field,” and as the name implies, the white-sand
beach lies between a forest of small, bushy pine trees and stretches in a
long, gentle curve that embraces the blue sea. The foothills are covered
by the red hues of azaleas in the spring, and the beach roses are more
beautiful than those found in Myeongsasimni, a well-known beach in
Wonsan. From there, after an hour and a half walk, you will reach our
house amidst the many persimmon tree groves of Asan-ri.
For eleven generations, my family lived in Myeongcheon County,
North Hamgyeong Province, and then spent the next four generations in
Kilju. From there, my great-grandfather moved to Asan in 1894, settling
down with his three brothers. My grandfather had seven children, of whom
Chapter 1: My Hometown, My Parents | 07
my father was the oldest. In this small village of only 50 households, all
families in Asan were extremely poor like most Koreans at the time.
Grandfather was simply not able to provide sufficiently for his family.
Moreover, he had no talent for farming or managing a household, and
he was by nature someone who preferred reading books and teaching
children. So he opened a seodang, a village school, where he served as a
teacher. Consequently, my father, as the eldest son, had to assume complete
responsibility for the operation of the farm and take care of his six siblings.
My father married quite late, since no one was willing to give their
daughter to a man who had to look after his parents and six siblings,
and whose total assets consisted of only a healthy body and a diligent
character. When I was born in 1915 as their first child, my father was 32
and my mother 22.
During the farming season, Father never took a day off. Even during
the winter months, he never paused to rest. Whether or not others were
drinking or gambling, Father just worked, quietly toiling away in solitude.
He prepared the rice paddies by cultivating abandoned stony fields, leveling
uneven plots of land, and building levees to collect water for irrigation.
Except for a few hours of sleep each night, work was everything for
Father. All he knew was work.
When his siblings got married, Father would generously give them
a share of the farmland he had created with his own blood, sweat, and
tears. His sense of responsibility for his siblings was awe inspiring. Just
as parents are responsible for their children, the eldest son is responsible
for his siblings. My father schooled me on familial duties through his
actions, not his words, a lesson that has been engraved on my heart.
Father was a man of few words. Even when working besides him
all day, reclaiming a stony field or cultivating rice paddies, I heard him
speak at most three or four words. Perhaps the longest conversation we
ever had was the time he found me after I had run away from home and
tried to convince me to come back.
08 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
This happened the first time I ran away and was clearing earth at
a railway construction site in the highlands. Father came to me and
said, “You are our eldest son. No matter how many children there are,
the eldest son is the pillar. If that pillar collapses, the family collapses.
Whatever happens, you have to stay in your hometown and take care of
your siblings. If any of your siblings ran away like you, I wouldn't have
gone looking for them.”
Another long conversation took place when I ran away from home
for the third time, after stealing 70 won that my father made from the
sale of the family cattle. Father caught me attending the Kyungsung
Bookkeeping and Accounting School, next to Deoksu Palace in Seoul.
“Are there any parents in this world who don't want their children
to be successful? If you are successful enough to bring your parents
and siblings to Seoul and look after them, why would this old man hold
you back? But you better not forget that you are just a farm boy, who
only finished the sixth grade. I hear Seoul is crawling with unemployed
graduates of vocational schools, but you, what are you? A nobody. And
a nobody like you isn't going to make it. Even if you graduate from
bookkeeping school, at best you'll be nothing but a lowly assistant to the
Japs. You will throw our family out into the streets blindly chasing after
this stupid dream. I’m old now, so you need to be responsible for looking
out for our family. But since you refuse, we will have to turn to begging.”
Even today, I get a lump in my throat when I recall my weeping
father crouched down in front of the Daehan Gate of Deoksu Palace as
he uttered these words.
Later, I brought him to Seoul to live together. At the time, my
schedule consisted of working late nights, barely sleeping, and returning
to work early in the morning. Not once did my father tell me to come
home early. By simply staying awake and waiting until I came home he
demonstrated his unspoken love for me. After I arrived home, he would
never peer out from his room or call for me. Instead, by clearing his throat
Chapter 1: My Hometown, My Parents | 09
with an “Ahem,” he was really saying, “Welcome home, son.” This was my
austere father’s stoic way of expressing his love and concern for me.
We are not sure how my mother came to marry my father, an old
bachelor 10 years her senior and deemed too poor for marriage. The
elders in our village said my mother was a bundle of luck that fell into
my father’s lap. My mother lacked nothing compared to my father; she
was a first-class wife to a first-class farmer.
In addition to helping with the farming and raising cattle, pigs, and
chickens, Mother also wove. She would weave hemp fabric and trade it
for cotton to make our clothes. She never stopped breeding silkworms
to make silk. Her skill at weaving silk was renowned throughout the
neighborhood. While other weavers needed five days to make a 20-foot
roll of silk, Mother only needed two days. Mother would set her own
goal for the day and she would only step off from the Korean loom after
she reached her target.
Creating silk from silkworm breeding requires a massive amount
of mulberry leaves. It was not as if we had our own separate mulberry
field, so we had to go deep into the mountains to pick leaves from wild
mulberry trees to raise the silkworms ourselves. My younger brothers,
sisters, and I would each take a sack and follow Mother into the
mountains early in the morning. We would pick leaves until there were
none left and carry the sacks back down to the village. Mother was a very
competitive person and never allowed herself to be outdone in weaving
silk. Even when weeding a field, she was only satisfied if she could do
two rows while others could only manage one.
Back in those days, human feces (night soil) was the primary fertilizer
for dry fields. So even when adults visited their friends or when carefree
children kicked around an inflated pig’s bladder, they all made sure to
relieve themselves at home when nature called to add to their essential
stockpile of fertilizer. The same was true for the kids who came to study
Chinese characters at my grandfather’s seodang. If they wanted to relieve
10 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
themselves, they ran home to contribute to their manure pile, even if class
had not finished. But some children who couldn't be bothered with going
home would just defecate anywhere.
Mother thought it was a shame to waste this valuable source of
manure, so one day she roasted some beans and told the kids, “From now
on, I’ll give a handful of roasted beans to whoever takes a pee in the pail
I’ve put next to the seodang.” Through this creative arrangement, she was
able to collect the students’ urine to use as fertilizer.
Unlike my father, who was silent and always working, my mother
was an exuberant and spirited woman. On summer evenings, we would
light a fire and the entire family would sit outside on a wide wooden
bench, nibbling on steamed corn. Mother would tell jokes that even
made my normally stoic father laugh out loud. To us, his smiling face
was the very definition of happiness.
As much as my mother was swamped with work and never had time
to rest, the love she dedicated to her children was exceptional. But her
love and devotion for me, the eldest son, were beyond words. Without
exception, Mother would give me the best fruit, potatoes, or corn to eat.
This led my younger brother In-yung,' who was physically smaller, to
make complaints disguised as jokes like, “Mom always gave you the biggest
portions while I got the smaller ones—see, that’s why I’m so small!”
My younger sister Hee-yung told me that Mother prayed constantly
for my success everywhere she went, be it in front of a huge rock, a large
body of water, a mountain, or even at the base of a tree. Almost every
night, she would set a bowl of water on top of a crockpot in the middle
of our yard to offer her prayers. Her prayers were not for her husband
or her other children. They were saved only for me: “I gave birth to my
blessed son Chung Ju-yung, so I ask you, oh spirit of the mountains, to
shower him with wealth.”
Let his hunger be satisfied and sleep be deep
Chapter 1: My Hometown, My Parents | 11
as he goes forth to explore all corners of the land.
Remember, loose tongue breeds calamity.
Through famine or flood, through praise or slander
be wary of seducers, schemers, oppressors
for the stages of life are dotted with such dangers.
In all that, keep watch over him and protect him.
See far and wide from the situation,
but be visionary from great heights.
A faithful servant,
a flower in others’ eyes,
be embracing like the land,
be of sound body and spirit.
May he be blessed with longevity,
each step bearing fruit,
each word releasing a fragrant scent.
Let the multitudes adore him,
I beseech thee.
Her reflexive muttering of traditional incantations, solely for me,
even while patting my younger siblings to sleep, weeding the fields, or
weaving fabric, remains one of my most precious memories of my mother.
“I gave birth to my blessed son Chung Ju-yung, so I ask you, oh
spirit of the mountains, to shower him with wealth.”
Knowing my mother’s personality, I can see just how fervently she
prayed. How much suffering did she bear in our poverty to cry out such
anguished prayers?
We were extremely poor. Even though my mother and father worked
their fingers to the bone to make ends meet, they struggled because they
were obligated to assist my father’s younger brothers to get on their feet
after they got married. We were so poor that my brothers and I had to
share a single special kind of overcoat (a durumagi, a traditional kind of
12 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
overcoat worn by Korean men) when performing the Lunar New Year's
bow of respect to village elders. I would wear the overcoat first to go on my
round of visits. When I returned, In-yung and Soon-yung, in succession,
would take the overcoat and go perform their bows.
Chung Ju-yung (right) with his younger brother Chung Soon-yung (second from the right)
in the early 1930s.
Back in those days, farming families were so poor that words cannot
capture their suffering and destitution. All one could do was to look up
to the sky and pray to Heaven to bless us with good weather in the hopes
of an abundant harvest. But even if we were blessed with a bountiful
harvest after working ourselves to death, we barely had enough food to
last a year. We owned very little land. Our techniques and tools were
primitive and outdated. If it rained too much, the flood would ruin the
crops. If spring rains were even a little too late, if the frost arrived earlier
than expected, or if it hailed, a poor harvest was inevitable. If we were
fortunate to have one good harvest, the following two harvests would
Chapter 1: My Hometown, My Parents | 13
generally be poor.
During the winter in Tongcheon, my hometown, the snow would
pile up as high as a man, requiring us to dig tunnels to get around. In a
bad harvest year, every household would quickly run out of food. During
the long winter months, when everything was covered in snow, we could
only manage to cook millet for breakfast, skip lunch, and get by on bean
porridge for supper. After such harsh winters, we would completely run
out of food by the time spring arrived. From then on, we barely managed
to stay alive by eating tree bark, grass roots, and wild herbs.
My childhood and leaving my hometown
I was born on November 25, 1915, five years after Japan imposed the
so-called Korea-Japan Annexation Treaty on Korea in August 1910.7 It
was a time when the Japanese colonial government required all schools,
including private ones, to sing the Japanese national anthem. Secret
societies seeking to regain independence proliferated throughout every
corner of the country. The construction of the Hamgyeong Railroad began,
the Gyeongwon (Seoul-Wonsan) Railroad opened, and construction of
the ports of Busan, Jinnampo Harbor, and Wonsan were completed, and
Japanese-made rubber shoes made their debut. The 1919 March First
Independence Movement was only four years away.’
For three years before enrolling in primary school, I studied at my
grandfather’s seodang. There, I learned the Thousand Character Classic,
Mencius, The Analects of Confucius, and other Chinese classics. Trust me,
it wasn't because I was a good student or had a love of learning. I studied
hard, memorized, and shakily recited the text in front of my teacher. He
also happened to be my grandfather, and I feared he would mercilessly
cane my calves. That’s why I studied hard.
The true meaning of these classical texts dawned on me as I grew
older. When I entered primary school at the age of 10, classes were so
14 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
easy that I skipped the second grade. I was ranked second in my class
until I graduated only because I wasn’t good at calligraphy and singing.
I didn’t have the patience required for brush calligraphy. In fact, I had
always been scolded for being impatient, always in a hurry that I would
sometimes put shoes on the wrong feet. Because I was tone-deaf, my
singing was cringe worthy. My friend who consistently ranked first in
class and who was more patient ended up becoming a prison guard after
passing the prison guard exam.
As I started primary school, my father began to train me to be a top-
notch farmer. It was a given that I would spend every Sunday and school
vacations, from dawn till late at night, on the farm working alongside my
father and learning. Even after school, I rarely had free time. Unlike some
other parents who were relatively lenient with younger children, my father
Chung Ju-yung at the graduation of Songjeon Primary School in his hometown of
Acs ee : ;
longcheon, Gangwon Province, 193a1y .
Chapter 1: My Hometown, My Parents | 15
would make me harvest buckwheat right up until Cuseok (the Lunar
Thanksgiving). For him, there was no concept of “free time.” What little
work I did after school helping my father, I didn’t even consider it work.
When I graduated from primary school, my training as a farmer
began in earnest. In the face of this reality, my dream of pursuing higher
education to become a school teacher had to remain an unfulfilled dream.
But even while oiling on the farm, Iw ould think to myself, “...Wiill
I always be a farmer and never straighten my crooked back? A farmer
who will never feel full, for even a day? A life like this... to suffer like my
Such thoughts brought feelings of great frustration. My future
seemed bleak. I knew if I continued to live on the farm, my life would
be a replica of my father’s. ‘The sad reality of farming is that, no matter
how much one struggles, the payoff never equals the amount of work put
in. |w anted to leave my hometown and try anything other than farming.
I wasn't sure, but I thought that no matter what I did, if I worked as
hard as I did at farming, I could make more money.
Moving to the city was my only hope.
Dong-A Ilbo,* the only national newspaper delivered daily to the
village chief, fanned the fires of my dissatisfaction with my hometown
and my unhappiness with farming. The sole copy came to me after every
literate village elder had gone through it. I poured over each and every
word because this paper was the only source of information about the
outside world for this country boy.
I was so naive that I actually believed that the stories in the two
serialized novels in the paper, “Light of the Evil City” (““Mado-ui
Hyangbul”)° and “Earth” (“Heuk”),° were depictions of real events that
took place every day. Moved deeply by the main character in “Earth,”
a virtuous lawyer named Heo Sung, I even dreamt of engaging in
backbreaking labor in the city in order to make enough money to study
for the bar exam and become a great lawyer like him. In fact, I did go to
16 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
the city to do hard labor and tried to pass the bar by buying and studying
law textbooks at the same time. I even took the regular civil service
examination. Of course, I failed.
I just wanted to leave my hometown. | didn’t want to live like my
father, to grow old and die while replicating his life. If I could only leave,
surely a better job and a better life awaited for me.
Chung Ju-yung with his sister Chung Hee-yung.
The first time I ran away from home was with my friend after
reading an article in the Dong-A Ilbo. The article described a steel factory
and harbor construction project in Cheongjin where they were looking
to hire as many workers as they could find.
But this time around, and the second, and the third time, my
father somehow found me and I was forced to come back. My father’s
determination to keep me home was extraordinary, but I was just as
Chapter 1: My Hometown, My Parents | 17
determined to leave.
Because I ran away so much, I developed a reputation in the village
as an ungrateful punk who upset his aging parents. In fact, when I ran
away from home, my mother would sometimes wail while tearing up the
clothes I had left behind. After my third failed attempt Ip ushed myself
to the limit on the farm because of the guilt I felt towards my father. I
was determined to try to live like him, work diligently, expand the farm,
raise cattle, and provide financial support for my siblings’ marriages. But
once again, a bad harvest struck.
After a bad harvest, fights between husbands and wives became
more frequent. The familial and societal pressures of somehow figuring
a way to scrape by and survive the winter months put them on edge.
My parents were no exception. I still vividly remember that my parents’
arguments were always about food. Because she was responsible for
keeping track of the amount of food left in the house, my mother
inevitably had to tell my father when food ran out. She always announced
this news over breakfast. Father, for whom life was filled with adversity,
would always have the same response. “I just harvested the rice, when
did we eat it all?”
If I think about it now, it was a poor response by a poor man. My
mother could have gently said, “Hmm... I guess we did...” But her response
would be something to the effect of “Are you saying that I ate it all by
myself?”
“Why do you always have to do this over breakfast?”
“Tf I don’t tell you over breakfast, then when? You think I want to
be the one saying this?”
A strong-willed woman, my mother never let my father have the
last word. Their arguments would become more and more heated until
the table was overturned and the food ended up on the floor.
I murmured, “I can’t take this anymore.”
Any fleeting resolution to remain on the farm evaporated. I was
18 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
determined to go to Seoul and succeed at anything other than farming.
In late spring after I turned 19, I ran away from home for the fourth
time. This time, I went directly to Seoul. I borrowed money from Oh
In-bo, a friend who lived about eight kilometers from my village, to buy
my train ticket and promised that I would repay him. In-bo, who had
also been mulling over the idea of leaving his wife, who he didn’t feel
much affection for, accompanied me.
That fourth time ended up being the last.

| Chapter 2 |
The Birth of Hyundai
From dock worker to rice shop owner
Having arrived in Seoul with nothing in my pocket, I borrowed just
enough from Oh In-bo to get me to Incheon. I didn’t linger in Seoul
because I didn’t want to strain our friendship. I certainly didn’t want him
to see me breaking my back doing hard labor. I was very self-conscious
about overburdening my friend. I didn’t want to feel like I was leeching
off of him when he himself had little money.
I lived in Incheon for a month, working for the harbormaster and
a moving company. I did any manual labor that a man could do. But I
was barely able to put food in my mouth. When the monsoon season
began, life in Incheon seemed even more hopeless as work opportunities
dried up. Thinking anything would be better than Incheon, I decided to
go back to Seoul, even if I was stuck doing physical labor. Unexpectedly,
while on my way, I learned that a farm in Sosa (now Bucheon)’ was
looking for workers. Since no one was waiting for me and there was
no rush to get back to Seoul, I took the job. Not only did they provide
meals and a place to stay, but they also paid a daily wage. In no time, I
Chapter 2: The Birth of Hyundai | 21
was sought out by other people to do various odd jobs as stories of my
work ethic and competence spread throughout the town. For the first
time in my life, I was able to save a little bit of money.
When I at last made my way to Seoul, I landed a job at the
construction site for Boseong Vocational School (now Korea University)
in Anam-dong. For nearly two months, I hauled stone and lumber. Even
as I was doing temporary odd jobs, I was constantly on the lookout for
a permanent position. My constant vigilance finally paid off.
I found a stable job as an errand boy at the Pungjeon Taffy Factory
(now Orion Confectionery) on Wonhyoro Street near Yongsan station. I
was passing by the factory one day and saw a help wanted poster plastered
to the wooden pole outside. I went straight in, asked for the job, and was
hired on the spot. At the factory, I was paid 50 cents a day to connect
and repair pipes and to run various errands. This work was not as hard
as construction work, but there were no opportunities for me to learn
any new skills at the factory. On top of that, Ic ould not save any money
and realized that I had no future there.
At every opportunity, I scoured the city for a better job. One lucky
day, Bokheung Rice Shop hired me as a delivery boy. It was a stable job
with great benefits. I got free lunch, free dinner, and one large straw bag
of rice a month.
This was the best job yet. My previous jobs barely covered my meals
and required me to live in bedbug-infested rooms. “One bag of rice a
month equals 12 bags a year! Leaving home really was the right decision.
I bet even Father will understand and acknowledge that now.”
For the first time in my life, I felt optimistic about my future. Every
day was full of joy and excitement. I was elated to have found a decent
job for the first time. It felt great to be independent. I looked back at all
the times that I tried to run away from my hometown only to be dragged
back by my father.
Yet, my heart ached at the thought of him toiling alone on the
22 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
farm. But I did not reach out to him, fearing he would come to get me
if he found out where I was. Three years passed until I finally wrote
him a letter. By then my annual salary had increased to 20 bags of rice,
which apparently impressed him. His immediate response was, “My son,
it seems like you made it. I couldn't be happier for you.”
Whatever I did, I never slacked off. Compared to farming, the
workload at the rice store was nothing. Yet, I still threw myself into
the job, just as my father did on his farm. From the very first day, I
made sure I was the first to arrive. I would sweep the entrance area and
sprinkle water on the ground to keep the dust down.
Because his son was a lazy bum, the owner began to appreciate my
work ethic. I cleaned and organized the store, delivered bags of rice on time,
and greeted customers in a cheerful manner. Wealthy but uneducated,
the owner did not even know how to keep the books. He would only
cursorily jot down the purchase orders during working hours. In the
evening, his lazy son would just go over his notes and rearrange them
by client. No wonder the shop was in such disarray. After six months,
the owner showed his confidence in me by placing me in charge of
bookkeeping instead of his son.
The first thing I did was to reorganize the storage room. On one
side of the room, I arranged the bags of rice in groups of ten. On the
other side, I organized the beans and grains by type so that it would be
easy to see the entire inventory at a glance.
The store inventory and the list of clients were kept separate. My
short stint at the bookkeeping school—paid for with my father’s precious
money from selling cattle—turned out to be useful after all. Impressed
with my changes, the owner bought me a new bicycle.
That reminds me... The day I was hired, the owner asked me if I
knew how to ride a bike. It was a reasonable question to ask a prospective
delivery boy. I barely knew how to ride, but I still said yes. He looked
me over and said, “Good thing you've got long legs.”
Chapter 2: The Birth of Hyundai | 23
I was hired.
On my fourth day at work, a rainy and muddy day, the owner told me
to deliver a bag of rice and a bag of red beans to his house in Wangsim-ri.
I couldn't say, “Sir, I’m actually not that good at riding a bike.” So with
the two bags tied to the bicycle, I wobbled down the street. From the
start, it was clear what would happen next.
I crashed hard. The handlebar became twisted beyond recognition
and the bags were covered with mud.
I still blush when thinking of this. Fortunately, the owner’s wife
was as understanding as he was. Seeing the mud-covered bags, rather
than scolding me, she merely said, “Not too shabby for a rainy day.”
Chung Ju-yung with the wife of the owner of the Bokheung Rice Shop, 1934.
That night, I reached out to a veteran delivery boy, Lee Won-jae,
for tips. “If you just pile the bags up, you'll lose your balance. You never
tie the rice bag to the bike itself. The weight of the bag will ruin the
bike if you happen to fall that way,” he explained. With little sleep, I
practiced for three straight nights.
I realized that even simple tasks require practice. With the skills I
acquired during those three nights, Is oon became one of the best delivery
boys in the city. Now, I was able to deliver two big bags of rice at a time.
24 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
My monthly pay increased to two bags and then to three. No matter
how small the task, such as delivering rice on a bicycle, I pour all my energy
into achieving the best possible result. Half measures, compromises, cutting
corners, or “being realistic” do not exist in my world.
“Do it until nothing more can be done. Give it your all ‘til the
very end.” This thought is the very essence of me as a person and the
fundamental principle of my life.
Two years passed. One day, all my hard work finally paid off. The
son’s profligate spending habits, including lavish trips to Manchuria, had
finally pushed the owner over the edge. He unexpectedly offered to sell
me the rice shop. The delivery boy had now become the owner.
Now I was on my way. With a roster of loyal customers and a steady
Figure 1. The Birth of Hyundai in Seoul
_ Cho-dong
Hyundai Motor Service Center
(April, 1946)
~ Hyundai Construction Company |
(May, 1947)
Hyundai Engineering & Construction
(January, 1950)
e
Gwanghwamun
Sogong-dong
Hyundai Engineering &
Sindang-dong
Construction —
Kyungil Rice Shop
(August, 1954) —
(January, 1938)
Jangchung-dong
Abycon-dong : e
Ado Service Mt. Nam
(March, 1940)
Aan Rive*
Chapter 2: The Birth of Hyundai | 25
supply from the rice mill, I rented a place on a major thoroughfare in
Sindang-dong. In January 1938, I renamed my shop the Kyungil Rice
Shop, literally meaning “number one in Seoul,” and aimed to make it the
best rice shop in all of Seoul. This was only four years after Ih ad run away
from home. I was 24 years old.
To help me with the rice deliveries, I arranged for my cousin to
move to Seoul. Relentless in my search for new customers, I succeeded
in landing the account of Baewha Girls’ High School and Seoul Girls’
Commercial High School. The Kyungil Rice Shop was on the path to
success. Soaring with confidence, I dreamt that maybe this shop could
become the best in the entire country, not just in Seoul.
But the good times did not last. On July 7, 1937, the Japanese
military instigated the Marco Polo Bridge Incident. This led to the
outbreak of the Second Sino-Japanese War and the Japanese Government
General of Korea declared martial law. In December 1939, the Japanese
colonial authorities instituted a rice rationing system and all rice shops
in Korea were requisitioned. It had only been two years since I had become
the owner of my own shop.
After taking care of my business affairs, I headed home. With the
money I had earned, I bought my father 1.6 acres of farmland. Then I
got married.
An auto-repair shop, a fire, and Ado Service again
At the beginning of the following year, I returned to Seoul and started
looking for work.
While mulling over what my business prospects might be with
a budget of 700 to 800 won in hand, I came across Lee Eul-hak and
Kim Myung-hyun. Lee was a mechanic specializing in engines at the
Kyungsung Service Center, and Kim was a factory handyman. Lee
recommended purchasing an auto-repair shop that had been put up for
26 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
sale. It was called Ado Service and was located on a hill in Ahyeon-dong.
Lee promised he would take care of hiring mechanics. Hoping for the
best and underwritten with my money and a loan from Oh Yoon-geun,
a private moneylender, my two business partners and I took over the Ado
Service auto-repair shop.
After signing the contract on March 1, 1940, we worked tirelessly
for 20 days straight without much sleep. Lee’s reputation as a mechanic
brought in a lot of customers. Since I knew nothing about cars, I took
on the role of greeting the customers coming into the garage at the top
of my lungs, like the young fellows at the entrance of big restaurants
these days.
“Welcome to our garage! We’re happy to have you here. Don't you
worry. We'll put your vehicle right back in working order!” It was my
job to create noise for the shop.
We made good money, and I was ecstatic to have chosen the right
industry to get into.
However, as the saying goes, “Bad luck comes in threes.” On March
20, only five days after we paid off our loan, a fire broke out. Back then,
the streets were not paved properly, so there was a lot of dust in the air
when there was traffic. So we had to do paint jobs at night, when there
was less dust blowing around.
On the night of the fire, I was working late with two mechanics
from whom I was learning how to paint cars. After finishing their work,
the mechanics went home to get some sleep. I ended up staying in the
night-duty room. I woke up at dawn and was going to heat up some
water in order to wash up, and started to pour some paint thinner in the
oven in order to get the fire going. However, the fire jumped up to the
paint thinner canister that I was holding. I instinctively flung the container
away from myself. The garage was an old wooden building the walls of
which were covered with years of oil stains that acted as an accelerant.
It all happened so fast.
Chapter 2: The Birth of Hyundai | 27
I barely managed to escape with my life by throwing a telephone—
a very expensive commodity in those days—through a window and
jumping after it. The garage itself was burnt to the ground and all the cars
that were there for repairs were completely ruined. The three of us involved
in the paint job were all taken to Yongsan Police Station and underwent
a grueling investigation. Fearing punishment, I kept on insisting that I
had no idea what caused the fire. They would wake me up 10 minutes into
my sleep to interrogate me and again after another 10 minutes, repeating
this until I finally gave in and confessed. No torture is worse than keeping
a sleep-deprived person from sleeping.
“From our investigation, we have concluded that there was no ill
intention, and since only the shop burned down without any casualties,
youre free to go.”
That’s how I was released. I had burnt five trucks and the Oldsmobile
of Mr. Yoon Deok-young, a very influential man at the time. I could easily
have given up everything under the weight of debt. But I was determined
not to give up. I did not want to end up a failure.
Convinced that there was only one way out, I paid another visit to
Oh Yoon-geun, the private moneylender, knelt before him, and started
to plead for another chance. At the time, he was running a private
lending business in addition to his Samchang Rice Mill. He had readily
lent me 3,000 won to set up the auto-service shop, basing his decision
on my solid credit history. I had been a reliable customer of his rice mill
when I was running the rice shop.
“The fire burned everything down, and now I have nothing but debt,
but if I stop now, there’s no way I'll be able to pay back your 3,000 won.
Sir, I beg you, please give me another chance to set this right.”
Like a man desperately hanging onto the edge of a cliff, I pleaded
with him again and again as he continued to stare at me in silence. After
a painfully long pause, he spoke.
“To this day, never once have I asked for collateral in my lending
28 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
business. It’s all about credit. Yet I have not lost a single won from that,
and I take pride in that. So I'll grant your request. I don’t want to leave
a blot on my record saying that I lost money for having misjudged a
person.”
He lent me an additional 3,500 won with which I started another
auto-repair shop on an empty lot in Sinseol-dong. At the time, a license
for an auto-repair shop was only given to automobile manufacturers,
so it was nearly impossible to get the license for an independent auto-
repair shop.
Running an unlicensed auto-repair shop, coupled with an enormous
pile of debt, I was treading on thin ice. Almost every single day, a
constable from the Dongdaemun Police Station paid a visit, threatening
to take us in if we didn't shut down the shop immediately. Even under
such dire circumstances, the shop survived as best it could. Early each
morning, I would visit the home of Section Chief of the Dongdaemun
Police Station, a Japanese, to plead with him.
After a month, the section chief, who up to this point had never
once acknowledged my presence, finally said: “Okay, I give up. You
certainly ought to be arrested, but how can I detain someone who comes
to plead at my door every single morning? You are not doing anything
bad, but, strictly speaking, you are still violating the law, if you know
what I mean. So think about our delicate situation and play it smart, will
you?” He also advised me to erect tall cardboards around the shop to at
least pretend that I was trying to hide it from plain view.
All this was made possible because I put into practice my motto, “Do
your best till there is nothing more to do.” At that time, Kyungsung Service,
Ijin Workshop, and the Kyungsung Service Center were basically the
only auto-repair shops in Seoul. They used to exaggerate the seriousness
of damages, set a long repair period, and overcharge their customers.
I employed the opposite strategy. I charged more for a shorter
repair period—three days instead of the average of ten. It was not the cost
Chapter 2: The Birth of Hyundai | 29
but the repair time that mattered most to those who used their cars as
their main mode of transportation. As a result, we had cars in need of
repair flooding into my unlicensed garage.
Although the shop was still unlicensed, I could operate with less
worry now that the police were looking the other way. During the
daytime, I acquainted myself with the customers, received orders, and
collected bills. At night, I got my hands dirty like the other workers,
eating and working with them all night long.
By working hands-on in the repair shop,I l earned how different auto
parts function in just a short matter of time. This hands-on knowledge
of automobiles would later prove to be invaluable.
Whenever I tell people that it was the bedbugs that taught me
“Nothing is impossible if one puts in one’s best effort,” they think I am
exaggerating. But this really is the truth. The bunkhouse where I slept
as a laborer in Incheon was teeming with so many bedbugs that it was
almost impossible to fall asleep. Some of the other workers tried to think
of ways to avoid the bedbugs. But even when they slept on top of dining
tables, they were still bitten as the parasites could climb up the legs of the
tables. We put our heads together and came up with the idea of placing a
steel pot filled with water under each of the four legs of the dining table.
It worked, temporarily. Unfortunately, uninterrupted sleep lasted for only
one or two days, and then things went back to the way they had been
before. The bedbugs were bothering us again. We wondered how this
could be possible, considering that the bedbugs would fall into the pot
of water if they attempted to climb any of the table legs.
One night we decided to stay up to see how on earth they survived
the water and managed to bite us. We were completely dumbstruck by
what we saw when the lights were turned on—the bedbugs were climbing
the walls and dropping from the ceiling onto our bodies.
To this day, I cannot forget the shiver down my spine that | felt
back then. This made me stop in my tracks and think, “Even bedbugs
30 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
think long and hard, and use every bit of energy they have to achieve
their goal, and ultimately they succeed. I’m no bedbug, I’m a man.
These bedbugs can surely teach a man a few lessons. If these bedbugs
can do it, why can’t we men do it? We just need to stick to it and not quit.
We need to emulate these bedbugs.”
Looking back, I see that my life has been an unending series giving
all I have until there is no more that can be done.
The Ado Service shop was so swamped with orders that we soon
made a decent amount of money. The shop made enough to repay Oh
Yoon-geun with interest. No blemish was left on his lending book for
having lent money to the wrong person.
However, the situation under Japanese occupation steadily worsened.
Japan started an all-out war against China by triggering the Marco
Polo Bridge Incident. Under the state of war, the Japanese Government
General of Korea started to control and limit the distribution of supplies
that could be turned into munitions, such as nails, wire, and iron plates.
Soon thereafter, the government took control of rice mills, implemented
a rice distribution system, and issued a control order over the supply of
all necessities. Then, in December 1941, the Japanese imperialists suffering
from megalomania started the Pacific War‘ and issued “Reorganization
of Private Companies” order as of May 1942. Struggling to wage a war
beyond its means, Japan took everything it could from Korea to make
weapons, including even brassware and eating utensils. They also forced
us to merge with the Iljin Workshop. It was a merger in name only: in
reality, it was more like a hostile takeover. My partners, Lee Eul-hak
and Kim Myung-hyun, were the first to leave the company. Having
neither the will nor the energy to work at the forcibly merged company,
I followed suit.
I was 29 years old.
Chapter 2: The Birth of Hyundai | 31
Blessing in disguise at the Holdong Mine
Not only was I robbed of Ado Service, to which I had literally given
everything, but it also seemed that my younger brothers In-yung and
Soon-yung would not be able to avoid being conscripted into the
Japanese Imperial Army.’ I went to see and plead with the president of
the Yuhwagwangcheon Company who I came to know while I ran the
auto-repair shop. His son was somehow connected to Joseon Smelting so
I begged with him to have my brothers hired at one of the mines owned
by Joseon Smelting. If you worked in a mine that supplied the military
you were exempt from military conscription. That is how I managed to
sign a contract transporting ore ultimately destined for Jinnampo smelter
in South Pyeongan province from the Holdong Gold Mine in Hwanghae
province to Seongyo-ri, in Pyongyang.
Putting down 30,000 won as deposit for the contract, I started out
with the 10 old trucks already at the mine and 20 new trucks to start
delivering the ore. | appointed Kim Young-joo”® as chief mechanic, a
man who had the uncanny ability to figure out a car’s problem just by
listening to the sound of the engine. The rough, mountainous terrain,
which stretched over 130 kilometers, made it hard to do even one round
trip a day because the trucks frequently broke down.
What made matters worse was the intentionally hostile attitude of
the manager of the mine and the chief manager who were said to have
been school classmates. It required tremendous patience to put up with
his endless comments: “You've loaded too much ore.” “You didn't load
enough ore.” “Why do you keep on dropping precious ore?” It was all I
could do to keep myself from losing my temper several times a day. It was
only later that we found out he wanted to get rid of us in order to hire
his classmate instead. We really had no choice but to play the fool if we
wanted to avoid military service.
But there was a limit to my patience. In May 1945, after two almost
32 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
unbearable years, I surrendered the contract to the person who had always
wanted to take my place. With a total of 50,000 won—30,000 won
deposit plus another 20,000 won for the contract—I left the Holdong
Mine and took my family with me. I felt liberated and had no regrets.
Giving up that contract turned out to be a blessing in disguise.
Japan was defeated only three months after we left the mine. It
was shut down on the very day the war ended, and all the Japanese
working there were taken as prisoners by the Soviet Army.
Had I lingered and continued to work at the mine, I would have
lost all of the 50,000 won I had amassed. And worse still, we might have
been taken as prisoners and sent to Siberia along with the Japanese. This
was highly likely because we were living under the surname Gadoh-o,
which was how our clan name “Chung of Hadong” was pronounced in
Japanese.
I may not have been enough of a patriot to resist the Japanese
colonial policy of forcing Koreans to adopt Japanese names. However,
I am not ashamed for having gone with the tide of history. I could have
been mistaken for a Japanese person in the midst of the chaos and taken
prisoner. In any case, I still believe that the decision to leave the mine
before liberation was providence. Who would have known that the hateful
Japanese who made our lives miserable ended up saving our lives? You
just never know what fate has in store for you.
Postliberation in Donam-dong
From my departure from the Holdong Mine to the launching of the
Hyundai Motor Service Center in April 1946, I was officially unemployed
for the first and only time in my life. At that time, my family of 20 lived
in a small, tile-roofed house in Donam-dong that I had bought while
running the auto-repair shop. By 1941, Ih ad brought my parents to the
house. My two immediate younger brothers, In-yung and Soon-yung,
Chapter 2: The Birth of Hyundai | 33
had married within six months of each other while living in Donam-
dong. Two months before I quit my job at the mine, I brought my third
and fourth younger brothers, Se-yung and Shin-yung, who had stayed
back home to finish school.
Looking back, I was amazed at how a big family of 20 (my parents
and siblings along with all their spouses and children) were able to live
together under the same roof within a small, confined space. Although
feeding 20 mouths was not easy, we were never destitute. None of the
children ever went hungry.
Good jobs were difficult to come by, but I energetically and
purposefully left the house every morning after breakfast with my
brother-in-law and my brother Soon-yung as if we had something
important to do. Despite the pretense, being unemployed meant we did
not have anywhere to go.
That one year spent unemployed was probably the only year in
my whole life during which I was a real family man. My father enjoyed
smoking, but back then, lighters were rare and matches were even harder
to come by than tobacco. Hoping to make it easier for my father to
light his pipe, I thought of the automobile ignition system, which used
the friction between copper wire and graphite to produce a spark. So I
connected an electric wire to a copper wire and used flint instead of
graphite. After several attempts, I was able to light the pipe. I can still
picture the smile that lit up Father’s face.
Of all my brothers and sisters, I most resembled my mother. She
had very big hands and feet for a Korean woman of her time. She always
had trouble finding shoes that fit, so she normally favored men’s rubber
shoes. But on special occasions that involved meeting daughter-in-laws
or the brother-in-laws’ parents, she would look for women’s rubber shoes.
This always ended in fiasco. Women’s rubber shoes did come in Korean
size 25, but they were hard to come by. I custom ordered a pair of size-
25 shoes made out of white leather. But my mother, whose gait was as
34 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
quick as she was impatient, must have felt uncomfortable walking in
those leather shoes. I later learned that she would take off her leather
shoes and walk in stockings alone when she didn't have to keep up
appearances. She took meticulous care of the leather shoes because they
were a gift from her dear son. I heard that she would carefully tuck one
under her arm and hold the other one in her hand as she went about
her day.
Collecting firewood for cooking was also a problem. Although back
home it was a simple problem that could be resolved by walking up a
mountain with an A-frame on your back, it posed a serious problem in
Seoul. So I made an arrangement with a former colleague from the
Holdong Mine to have charcoal delivered in a truck. I still remember
how pleasantly surprised my mother and the five other ladies were.
As the first daughter-in-law of the family, my wife went through a
lot. The wives of my brothers had it no better. In-yung wasn’t at home
as he was in Japan studying. I felt sorry for his wife, living with her
husband’s large family without a husband, so I told my wife to take
extra good care of her. However, as kind-hearted as she was, my wife
was not the most sociable person—I doubt she was of much help to
In-yung’s wife.
Then, there was Soon-yung’s wife, who got married at 18 to avoid
being taken away to Japan as a sex slave. It was such a pity to see an 18-
year-old young bride buried so deep under a pile of household chores.
Her hands were rarely dry as she did everything from dishwashing to
laundry. We lived in a time when showing affection to one’s children in
front of one’s parents was deemed improper.'! But on top of that, the
two sisters-in-law carried the extra burden of loneliness without any other
family members. In-yung was away studying, and while Soon-yung was
at home, he was as curt as our father.
One day, I heard Soon-yung’s wife crying her heart out. When I
asked my wife about it, she told me that my sister-in-law had been
Chapter 2: The Birth of Hyundai | 35
crying since she had come back from washing clothes. While washing
a mountain of clothes by the snow-covered, frosty stream, she must have
been overcome by sorrow that had built up over the years. After that, I
made sure to take the two sisters-in-laws and my younger sister Hee-
yung to Danseongsa Theater whenever a new film came out. We would
always dine out on such days, sometimes going to a western restaurant.
Unfortunately, being the daughter-in-law of the eldest son, my wife had
to take care of our infant children as well as my parents and could not
join us on these outingsT.he three ladies felt bad about this and kept it
a secret from my wife.
The year 1944 marked my father’s 60" birthday, but because of his
frail health, we held a banquet the following year instead to combine
his 60% and 61* birthdays. As soon as Korea was liberated on August 15,
1945, my parents went back to our old hometown of Tongcheon. And
to make sure that Father could spend his birthday with his brothers, the
entire family traveled back home to celebrate his 61* birthday. Only
my younger sister Hee-yung and Soon-yung’s wife stayed behind to
look after the house in Donam-dong.
We had no idea what would be awaiting us on our way back home
after four full days of feastingT.h e road we had used freely as we traveled
to Tongcheon no longer showed any signs of traffic and was now heavily
guarded. Feeling instinctively that lingering any longer on the road
could lead to serious consequences, we fled through the mountains. We
could not risk getting captured by the Soviets. They might separate us
or even take us as prisoners. We kept on walking and would hide behind
whatever was available when we thought we might be spotted. Then we
found our way blocked by the deep waters of the Hantan River. Even
the shallowest areas came above my waist. I had been carrying my son
Mong-geun on my shoulders because he had a serious fever. | put him
down long enough to get undressed and walked into the river only in
my underwear. We had no choice but to cross the river if we were to get
36 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
home. Our whole group took their clothes off and waded across the river.
It was an unusual scene with parents-in-law, sons and daughters-in-law
all crossing the river in their underwear.
Soon after that, In-yung’s wife came down with typhoid fever. My
father nursed his daughter-in-law back to health and would not let
anyone else come near her. This quiet, thoughtful man was prepared to
accept whatever might happen. He made sure that if anyone was to suffer
by catching the disease, it would be him.
According to my wife, Father even brushed his sick daughter-in-
law’s hair as he nursed and comforted her. As a result of Father's loving
and tireless care, In-yung’s wife finally recovered. But then Father also
fell ill. Though he had not caught typhoid fever, he had already been in
poor health in general and had worn himself out nursing his daughter-
in-law to recovery.
Hyundai Auto Service Center, Hyundai Construction,
and the Korean War
The country was in disarray after liberation from Japanese rule. The weak
and ineffectual Korean provisional government was quickly subsumed
by U.S. Military Government rule. Political groups flooded the scene,
all voicing resolute demands for immediate and full independence for
Korea. The lifting of price controls after liberation as well as political and
economic uncertainty resulted in runaway inflation. In December 1945
at the Moscow Conference, the United States, the Soviet Union, and
the United Kingdom placed Korea under trusteeship.
While working at the Joseon Smelting Corporation, which was
owned by the Japanese during the colonial era, I was on the lookout for
an opportunity to start my own business. In 1946, when the U.S. Army
Military Government was selling property that previously belonged to
the Japanese, I bought about 200 pyeong (660 square meters) of land in
Chapter 2: The Birth of Hyundai | 37
the Jung-gu district of Seoul. In April, Io pened an auto-repair shop and
named it the “Hyundai Motor Service Center.” There were 10 of us in
all, including Kim Young-joo, who by this time had become my brother-
in-law having recently married my younger sister Hee-yung, my second
brother Soon-yung, Choi Ki-ho, a colleague from the Holding Mine,
and Oh In-bo, my old friend from back home, and a few mechanics. This
was the beginning of Hyundai.
Chung Ju-yung with staff from Hyundai Motor Service Center at Guyrong Falls,
Mt. Geumgang in the early 1940s.
On June 28, 1946, two months after the birth of Hyundai, my
father passed away.
The passing of my father brought back memories of my mother.
Once when my mother visited Seoul from Gangwon Province, we rode
a trolley around the downtown area.
As we passed by the huge headquarters of the Japanese Government
38 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
General of Korea, I boasted, “Mother, one day I'll become the richest
man in Seoul and live in a house even bigger than that.”
She responded, “Now listen up farm boy. You came here with just
your two balls. You?! The wealthiest man in Seoul...in a house like that?
Get your head out of the clouds. You have a life to live.”
Unfazed, I answered, “No, I’m going to make it.”
My sister Hee-yung told me about this conversation several years
later. Although I do not remember it, this story shows that I already
possessed the inner confidence and drive to succeed as a businessman.
But my father never got to see this. I think I have already said that
I consider my father to be my ultimate mentor. With his sudden passing,
I had lost the pillar of my soul. For a long time, I felt bewildered and lost.
“If only Ih ad known that he would die so suddenly, I would have come
home early every day. I would have given him the best dishes, best fruits,
and the finest clothes. I wish I could have done more for him...”
When your parent who bore you and raised you suddenly passes
away, you are overcome with regret and self-blame for having been an
unfilial child, failing to appreciate all that his parents had done for him.
Never again would I hear him clearing his throat with an “Ahem” when
I would come home in the middle of the night. I missed him terribly and
felt empty. I always assumed that he would live longer and look over me.
As the Hyundai Motor Service Center grew larger every day, and
on many days afterwards, I would often think, “How I wish Father
would have been able to see all this...”
Whenever one of my brothers went out on his own to start a
business or whenever a project was completed successfully, I would think,
“If only he were alive...” But whenever the family faced hardship and
sadness, I thought, “Thank God my parents are not here to see this.”
I was glad they never lived long enough to see their fourth son,
Shin-yung, die in the prime of his life. I was glad they never saw the
thugs banging on our front door, demanding the money I owed them
Chapter 2: The Birth of Hyundai | 39
from the Goryeong Bridge construction project.
Throughout my life, in good times and bad, my parents were never
far from my mind. As I’ve aged,I find myself thinking of them more and
more. Yet my younger siblings seemed to think of our parents far less
often than I. This hurt me and I found their behavior inexcusable. Perhaps
this is what being the eldest child really means.
In the beginning, Hyundai Motor Service Center replaced engines
at the U.S. Army ordnance depot. After a year, we started remodeling
Japanese jalopies. We welded together two 1.5-ton trucks to make one
2.5-ton truck. We also modified gasoline cars to run on charcoal or
carbide since fuel was scarce.
After liberation, the numbers of cars increased and our business
thrived. In less than a year, we had 80 workers.
One year anniversary photo of Hyundai Motor Service Center, 1947.
My mother has always been a warm and compassionate woman.
Even while washing her own baby’s soiled diapers, she was the type to
drop everything to run to the sound of the neighbor’s baby’s cry. She
40 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
would fuss over my workers like they were her own children. For the
company’s spring and fall picnics, my wife, my sister, and my brothers’
wives were always mobilized to prepare a feast.
As one who knows what it feels like to be truly hungry, I made
sure that my workers were fed generously. My wife, my sister, and other
members of my family were generous and compassionate like my mother.
As my business expanded, I often yearned for those early years when
we were all like family.
At that time, most construction projects and automobile repair jobs
were controlled by the government and the U.S. Army. One day, when I
was dropping off my submission for a contract, Ih appened to witness some
construction company representatives receive their construction fees.
While I was earning about 300,000 or 400,000 won per contract at
best, these construction companies could make up to ten million won per
contract. 1 was completely shocked to realize how much money was in
construction. This difference in profit was not due to our own lack of
effort; it simply reflected a difference in the scale of the two industries. I
thought to myself, “For the same amount of effort, why not go for the real
big bucks?” But when I raised the idea of starting a construction business,
Oh In-bo and Kim Young-joo opposed it. They argued that we already
had a profitable, steady business. What we didn’t have was the money
and experience to get into construction. Why risk our current setup?
In all my years, I have rarely started a new business without being
labeled reckless. The first time I heard this was when I decided to enter
the construction business after having been running an auto-repair shop.
But I did not think that I was being reckless at all. After all, I had worked
as a laborer at construction sites.
Moreover, construction at that time consisted largely ofj ust two
things: repair and maintenance. I thought, “What’s the difference? You
just need to give the estimate for the job, repair it, and get paid.”
Success is 90 percent determination, 10 percent confidence. Ir emind
Chapter 2: The Birth of Hyundai | 41
myself of this every time I start a new project. There is absolutely no
room, not even 1%, for doubt or apprehension.
My brother-in-law and friend remained skeptical, but I decided to
hang the Hyundai Construction Company sign next to the Hyundai
Motor Service Center sign in our building in Cho-dong, Seoul.
May 25, 1947 was the beginning of the Hyundai Construction
Company.
At the time, there were 15 major construction companies and
3,000 minor ones in Korea. The former obtained the contracts, and the
latter were subcontractors. As one of the minor companies, Hyundai
Construction did not do so well in its first year, barely able to attract one
engineer and 10 technicians.
1948 was a watershed year. In May, North Korea cut off electricity
to the South, and general elections were held only in the South. With a
new constitution in place by July, President Syngman Rhee declared
independence on August 15.” In September, the National Assembly
passed the “Special Act on the Punishment of Anti-National Activities.”
October saw the troops garrisoned in Yeosu-Suncheon mutiny.”
That year,I r elocated the construction company office to two rooms
in the Pyeonghwa Sinmun newspaper's building in Gwanghwamun, Seoul.
We did just enough to get by, building U.S. Army quarters and auxiliary
facilities and repairing buildings in Pocheon, Incheon, and Daejeon.
The government announced a nationwide reconstruction plan in
January 1950. Sensing a spike in construction demand, I merged Hyundai
Construction and the Hyundai Motor Service Center to form Hyundai
Engineering & Construction Co., Ltd. With assets of 30 million won
and investment capital of 7.5 million won, Hyundai Engineering &
Construction made its debut with an address in 1-41 Pil-dong, Jung-gu,
Seoul.
Though it was difficult to land contracts, the construction industry
was quite profitable. After our merger, Is aid to myself, “We're going to
42 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
go places.” However, six months later North Korea invaded South Korea
on Sunday, June 25, 1950.
When I heard the news that the North Koreans easily broke through
the South Korean defense I couldn't believe my ears.
Frightened by the sound of artillery fire, my younger sister’s family,
living in northeast Seoul, moved into our house in Jangchung-dong. My
brother-in-law suggested, “Let’s buy some rice while we still can.” I outright
dismissed his suggestion saying, “Do you think our army is sleeping on
the job? You think they would let Seoul fall without a fight? Stop talking
nonsense.” I naively placed that much faith in the government and the
army.
On the morning of June 26, my brother In-yung came running
home with the news that North Korean tanks had broken through the
Miari Pass and were entering Seoul. The following night, In-yung, who
was at the time working at the foreign affairs desk for the Dong-A I/bo,
reported that members of the diplomatic corps in Seoul were preparing
to evacuate. All the typesetters had already fled the city, so In-yung had
to set the type himself. His experience working at the publishing house
of the Government General as a boy meant he had the skills to operate
this kind of machinery. After printing 300 extra copies by himself, he
stopped by a bar for some drinks with other press personnel who had
bravely stayed behind.
Because I naively trusted the government, It hought Seoul’s defenses
would hold. But seeing everyone fleeing in panic, I realized the gravity
of the situation. I insisted to my mother that we leave Seoul. However,
she stubbornly refused, even though she was bedridden following a stroke.
The next day, while my brother and I were driving in our jeep, we
saw that the tanks had already reached downtown Seoul. Fearing that
the North Koreans may discover In-yung’s books that he kept from his
studies at Aoyama Gakuin University in Japan, we quickly headed home
and started burning them. I was surprised how slowly the books burned.
Chapter 2: The Birth of Hyundai | 43
Since my business was still relatively small and because we were not
from the land-owning class I thought that most of my family members
didn’t need to worry about communist persecution. But In-yung had
to be evacuated because, as a journalist, he had penned many profiles of
foreign dignitaries.
I regretted having dismissed my brother-in-law’s previous decision
to buy the rice. I checked the amount of rice we had, and all that was
left was half a sack of barley and 16 kilograms of rice.
My brother, my employee Choi Ki-ho, and I walked to the ferry
landing at the Han River. The scene was utter chaos. The Han River Bridge,
the only bridge to span the Han River, had already been destroyed. Heavy
rains the previous night had swollen the river and produced frightfully
strong currents. [he dock was overcrowded. Some demoralized soldiers,
their rifles pointing to the ground in defeat, mingled sheepishly among
crowds of refugees pushing to get across the river. But there was only one
small boat, which could only hold two or three at a time.
As I was scratching my head wondering what to do next, the boat
owner suddenly pulled the boat out of the water and walked away with
only the oars. I don’t know why he left. Maybe he was irritated by the
refugees. Perhaps he was overwhelmed by the sheer number of people
waiting to be transported.
We waited until he was far away, snatched the boat, and took off.
We paddled frantically with our hands but we could not control the boat
in the rapid and swollen waters. The current carried us to a bank near
the area known today as Banpo.
From there, we walked approximately 20 miles to Suwon, and then
hopped on a cargo train to Cheonan, 40 miles further south. In Cheonan,
misled by a false rumor that the South Korean Army had repelled the
North Koreans, we returned to Seoul only to see North Korean soldiers
swarming the city. Surprised, we hurriedly scuttled even further south
to Daejeon where we heard news that U.N. forces had finally landed
44 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
in Busan. However, even with the U.N. forces, the situation remained
precarious. We caught the last train further south to Daegu.
In Daegu, In-yung kept himself busy as an editor at the Daehan
Iibo,° but I had nothing to do. So, I volunteered to deliver newspapers
to the Troop Information & Education (TI&E) unit to boost the morale
of our soldiers. Every day, I walked to the army base in the mountains
to deliver the papers.
I arrived at the newspaper distribution center one day to find there
werent any newspapers. The distribution manager had stolen all of them
to resell for a profit. Published primarily to raise the troops’ morale, this
newspaper relayed news that the Americans were on their way to rescue
us and implored the soldiers to put up a good fight and remain hopeful
and courageous. [hat small piece of paper was like air to the suffocating
soldiers. Outraged and furious at the distribution manager, I quit that day.
Rumors spread that North Korean forces had breached the all-
important Chupungnyeong"® perimeter, a development that would allow
them to threaten the line held at the Nakdong River.'’ We swam across
the river among the farmers and other refugees. It was the first time I
realized that cattle could swim well.
We headed straight to Busan. Following the suggestion of an army
captain from the troop information and education (TI&E) unit that
we deliver inspirational speeches, my brother and I got in a seven-ton
powerboat to visit coastal cities and islands. The gist of my speech was,
“The North Korean puppet army will be defeated soon. Don't panic. The
U.S. Army is on its way. Do not collaborate with the Commies.” This was
to reassure the public. In-yung and I went as far as Geoje Island to spread
the word and motivate the people.
One day we witnessed atrocious behavior from the same army captain.
As we were docking our boat, he suddenly ordered a fisherman, who was
drying anchovies nearby, to load the entire stock of anchovies onto his
boat. The fisherman begged him to take only half. Ignoring his desperate
Chapter 2: The Birth of Hyundai | 45
pleadings, the captain ruthlessly beat him and took all the anchovies. We
were disgusted and demoralized. In-yung and I wanted nothing more to
do with this bastard. So we quit.
After that, Iw andered from place to place. One day in July, Id ropped
by the office of the Democratic Party, hoping to pick up the latest news
of the war. When I entered the office, what I saw made my blood boil.
As the war raged around us, claiming the lives of countless young men,
these politicians, so-called ‘public servants’, were guzzling beer and playing
cards with their shirts off.
I confessed to In-yung: “At a time like this, even average people like
us are trying to serve their country in any way possible. We delivered
newspapers to the frontline troops. We went from island to island giving
speeches until our voices gave out and we were green with seasickness.
When the fate of our nation hangs by a thread, how can these so-called
‘politicians’ sit on their lazy asses, drink beer, and play cards? Don't they
even have the basic decency to be concerned about our country and our
people?”
I was aghast. What made it even worse, I overheard these corrupt
and cowardly politicians already making arrangements to flee to Japan
in case Busan fell. I felt as if Iw ould explode with anger.
We were the poorest of the poor. We had fled Seoul with nothing
but the clothes on our backs, without a single penny. On the cusp of
having to beg for food, I decided to sell my precious watch. But the
pawnshop’s offer was ridiculously low. I was furious. Outside, I saw a help
wanted ad, posted by the U.S. Armed Forces for an interpreter based in
downtown Busan. In-yung immediately went to their headquarters and
presented his Dong-A I/bo credentials to the hiring officer. He was hired
on the spot.
Perhaps as a sign of respect for a reporter from a prominent
newspaper, the hiring officer told In-yung that he could take his pick
among the jobs available. Thinking he could help me find a job in
46 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
construction, In-yung picked the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. By a
stroke of good luck, he was immediately assigned as interpreter for First
Lieutenant McAllister.
At the time, construction opportunities abounded in Busan. As the
last provisional capital and the last foothold in Korea, Busan was vitally
important for the war effort. Struggling to meet the demand arising from
this massive influx of soldiers, the city was lacking critical infrastructure,
including a military command center, a supply depot, and accommodations
for incoming soldiers. As he realized the need for a local expert from
the construction business, Lieutenant McAllister asked In-yung to find
one for him.
In no time, I was sitting in front of the lieutenant.
“What can you do?”
“Anything,” I responded with confidence. Immediately, he asked
me to build temporary barracks for 100,000 American soldiers.
The job involved fumigating, repainting, and laying boards on the
classroom floors of a closed-down school. Then, I installed tents to
convert the building into barracks. This work was so time consuming
that I barely slept more than three hours a night.
An interpreter by day, In-yung worked in our offices at night.
Working like this, our coffers filled up in a month. Even with our new
found success, my thoughts often strayed back to the family I left behind
with only a half-bag of barley and a bag of rice. But there was nothing I
could do, but think, “God, Ih ope they are okay. They have to stay alive...”
I thought of my ailing mother and couldn't help but wonder, “What
on earth are our army and the U.N. forces up to?”
Our work required us to accompany the U.S. Army wherever it
went. We arrived with the first advance team of American soldiers
when Seoul was finally liberated. I rushed home, but no one was there.
I frantically went to my factory, where I found Soon-yung and my
brother-in-law standing guard. Like my house, the factory had been
Chapter 2: The Birth of Hyundai | 47
stripped bare by North Korean soldiers.
The horrifying stories of their unbearable hardships were difficult
to swallow. First, the sheer number of people in five families guaranteed
economic hardship. They exchanged a dress suit for eight kilograms of
rice and a sewing machine for eight kilograms of barley. Soon-yung
and my brother-in-law made a cart to gather stray pieces of junk off the
street to sell for food. They even mixed pumpkin with barley gruel to save
on provisions, which caused the kids to get diarrhea during the summer.
When they could no longer support themselves, my family members
separated and found temporary places to stay around Seoul.
Kim Young-joo still remembers when In-yung and I jumped out
of a military truck with haggard faces and ragged clothes. We opened
the bag of money we earned in Busan and joyfully exclaimed, “Look!
Look at all this money!” Our scattered family was reunited once again.
I immediately went back to work for the U.S. Army. I remodeled
the Seoul National University College of Liberal Arts and Sciences
and the School of Law to serve as the headquarters for the U.S. Eighth
Army. But this relative tranquility didn't last long. When the Chinese
People’s Volunteer Army entered Seoul on January 4, 1951, everyone
was forced to retreat.'® This time, my entire family and all of my workers
fled to Busan.
We bought a house in Busan, and built temporary living quarters for
my workers in the front yard. Everyone, down to the lowest technicians,
stayed with us. We cooked rice on the portable cooking stove and pots
we had borrowed. We ate together. We hung the “Hyundai Engineering
& Construction Co., Ltd.” sign on the bustling Daegyo Street. We did
whatever was needed to get the job done.
In just two months, Seoul was retaken. There was no shortage
of work. By then, Hyundai Engineering & Construction had a near
monopoly over construction jobs for the U.S. Eighth Army. Building
President-elect Eisenhower’s lodging for his visit and covering the entire
48 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
1. Chung Mun-suk 12. Park Byeong-im
2. Kim Geun-su 13. Kim Wol-gye
3. Han Seong-sil 14. Chung Se-yung
4. Chung Mong-hun 15. Chung Soon-yung
5: Chung Mong-woo 16 . Kim Young-joo
6 . Kim Yoon-su Liga Chung In-yung
7 . Chung Mong-geun 18. Chung Shin-yung
8 . Chung Mong-koo 19: Chung Sang-yung
9 . Byun Joong-seok 20. Chung Ju-yung
10. Chung Mong Joon 21. Chung Mong-pil
11. Chung Hee-yung
Family photo taken in Busan near the end of the Korean War, 1953.
U.N. cemetery with a field of green barley in the middle of winter earned
us credibility. All Hyundai had to do was ask the Eighth Army for
projects and they were ours.
Chapter 2: The Birth of Hyundai | 49
The ordeal of Goryeong Bridge
There is an end for every beginning. War is no exception.
I knew the war was bound to end at some point, so I actively started
seeking government construction orders, having realized that we could
not depend solely on U.S. Army construction jobs. While we did handle
a few government construction projects, we did not profit much from
them as they were affected by wartime social unrest and the impoverished
economy.
On January 27, 1953, my mother, who had been suffering after a
massive stroke, departed this world in Busan. In July of that year, a
cease-fire agreement was signed as expected, and the withdrawal of
the U.S. Army to Japan began. In August, the government returned to
Seoul, and Hyundai Engineering & Construction moved to Seoul as
well, moving the headquarters to the Hyundai Motor Service Center
building and then again to another office in August of the following year.
It was in April 1953 that we began the ghastly restoration work for
the Goryeong Bridge. From the moment I started my own business to
this day,I h ave never experienced an ordeal as severe as that one. Id on't
usually dream, but every now and then I still have a nightmare about
having no money. Such a nightmare is, perhaps, the result of the pain I
went through during the Goryeong Bridge construction, which must
have left a deep scar in my subconscious.
The Goryeong Bridge connects Daegu and Geochang. The bridge
required quick restoration, not only for moving goods, but also for the
subjugation of the communist guerrillas on Mount Jiri. The Goryeong
Bridge project was the largest of the government-ordered construction
jobs, with a production cost of 547,800 won and the period of construction
set at 26 months. Our expectations were certainly as large as the scale of
the project.
We hired Kim Young-il, an experienced bridge engineer who
50 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
previously worked at the Joseon branch of Shimizu Construction, as
director and on-site engineer. We also hired Lee Yeon-sul, a Waseda
college graduate in civil engineering, as our technology manager, and
my friend Oh In-bo as financial officer.
Right from the very start, the project was daunting. It would have
been easier to build the bridge from scratch than to restore it. Only the
bare frame of the ruined upper part of the bridge remained attached to
its piers. We had to set up two 60-meter-long trusses in water 10 meters
deep and drive 13 piers into the riverbed in order to build the concrete
bridge. Another problem was the fluctuating depth of the Nakdong River.
The river, which was shallow during the winter, would swell several fold
during the summer. Having no prior experience with such a large-scale
construction project, we had no clue on what type of equipment was
needed for the job. Once we figured it out, we realized that Korea didn't
have the proper machinery. All we had at our disposal was a 20-ton crane,
a concrete mixer, and a compressor. Manpower was the only real resource
we had.
The construction work went at a snail’s pace and was plagued by
disaster after disaster. Not long after construction began, a flood swept
away the support structure that was already in place. The biggest problem
we faced was runaway inflation. When we began the project, the unit
cost for oil was seven won, but by completion, it had soared to 45 won.
In the same period, the price of one sack of rice had risen from 0.4 won
to 40 won. The cost of materials and wages also increased daily. While
all the other costs increased, the project contract amount (547,800 won)
was the only amount that remained fixed. There was no way we could
cope with such a burden.
We soon found ourselves further in debt. Before starting the
Goryeong Bridge, the construction of the Minting and Security Printing
Corporation’s Busan office and drying room had put us 700,000 won in
debt. Ironically, the money we saved from the U.S. Army construction
Chapter 2: The Birth of Hyundai | 51
Restoration work on the Goryeong Bridge.
work was depleted by doing a job for an institution that prints money.
‘The situation had spiraled out of control. The construction workers
went on strike, demanding wages we could no longer afford to pay. A
barrage of nagging creditors made both home and office a living hell.
Even today, my son Mong Joon’s first memory is the creditors who barged
into the house, ruining the floor with an ax, and demanding their money.
I could not even send the usual monthly $100 to $150 to my brother
Se-yung, who was studying overseas. Worried that he might go hungry
or fall ill, I ran around like a madman to borrow money.
Tragic accidents also occurred on the construction sites. With their
coworkers dying and their pockets empty, the workers were so on edge
that I feared anything might set them off.
One day, Choi Ki-ho and my brother In-yung came forward to
suggest that we halt the construction. Since significant loss was inevitable
52 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
and credibility was everything in business, the only thought I had in my
mind was to finish the construction on time no matter what. I told
Choi and my brother: “You mean you want me to take down our sign?
If you're suggesting that we stop construction at this point, you're
basically saying we close down our business. Trust is everything to a
businessman. The moment you lose trust, it’s all over. It’s my dream to
create the best construction company in the Republic of Korea, and
youre telling me to abandon it all? Whatever happens, we’re going to
finish this job. We have to.”
Inspired by my determination, everyone pitched in. My brother
Soon-yung, my brother-in-law Kim Young-joo, and Choi Ki-ho sold
their houses. My brothers argued that we needed one family house to
hold our ancestral rites. So instead of selling my house,I sold the piece
of land on which the Cho-dong auto-repair shop was located. Altogether
this gave us 997,000 won, which we used to resume our work on the
Goryeong Bridge. Even after selling our property, we still had to borrow
as much money as we could. In some cases, we paid interest rates as
high as 18 percent per month. In May 1955, two months past the
original deadline, we completed the Goryeong Bridge.
We had contracted to do the job for 547,800 won but wound up
650,000 won in debt. We were so exhausted when the job was done that
we did not have any energy left to remove our equipment from the
construction site. Even with the conclusion of construction, creditors
continued to bother us like a swarm of bees. This was how the Goryeong
Bridge construction came to an end.
Although the Goryeong Bridge project was a complete disaster,
even today,I do not blame bad luck for the hardships we faced. I had
only focused on winning the bid and was not properly prepared for
the job. I did not do the calculations properly, and our failure was my
responsibility.
Long-term construction projects should be carried out on the basis
Chapter 2: The Birth of Hyundai | 53
of installment contracts to prevent losses from inflation. Despite the
signs of severe inflation, I had foolishly thought that costs might double,
at most, over the course of the project. Upon reaching that conclusion,
I signed the contract. Other reasons for our failure included rushing into
the construction work with a lack of experience and without knowing
anything about the soil conditions of the Nakdong riverbed. I didn’t know
that the equipment we then had at our disposal would be inadequate
for a job as big as the Goryeong Bridge.
In the end, it was all my fault. It points to the deep truth of this
saying from the Chinese classic Chaegeundam (Caigentan): “The root of
failure is planted the moment you achieve your goal.”””
I recall that my competitors in the construction business derived
schadenfreude out of my predicamenTth.ey would say things like: “What
would a guy who only finished the sixth grade know about inflation?”
or “An idiot like him had it coming. He doesn’t even know that long-
term construction requires an installment contract.”
In spite of everything, Ih ad no intention whatsoever of abandoning
my business. I had failed because I was lacking, and in need of more
experience. However, I brushed this off and simply thought of it as an
expensive lesson. This thought helped put things in perspective. I was
surprisingly calm.
Having sold their houses and having no money for rent, my brother-
in-law and Soon-yung were living in a shack next to the Cho-dong
Bridge in Seoul. One morning, when I saw with my own two eyes how
they were living, my heart sank. I felt so sorry. I was at a loss for words.
When I was finally able to gather myself, I barely managed to murmur,
“When I get rich, I'll buy you a big house.” As these words tumbled out
of my mouth, my brother, my brother-in-law, and I all started to cry.
54 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
Goryeong Bridge, a blessing in disguise
Working under the weight of enormous debt was like trying to run with
shackles on our ankles. But in the end, our determination to finish the
project paid off. We gained credibility and earned a good reputation.
Seeing how we had completed the projects despite taking huge losses,
the Ministry of Interior gave Hyundai Engineering & Construction
a high credit score. Since then, we have had little difficulty winning
construction bids on government projects.
With financial support from the U.S., postwar recovery construction
projects blossomed in South Korea. In 1955, we completed the expansion
of the Gachang Dam, the construction of a heavy-equipment factory
for the Ministry of Interior, and the construction of the fourth dock at
the Port of Busan. The following year, we finished the Oksan Bridge,
the third and fourth expansion projects for the Gachang Dam, and the
second and third expansions of the Ganggu Bridge. With these contracts
totaling 5.4 million won, the company gradually began to get back on
its feet.
In the Book of Odes, there is a phrase: “Just as you can’t catch a tiger
with your bare hands, you can't cross the Yellow River on your two feet.”
This means that securing equipment was paramount in the construction
business. One of the lessons I learned from the Goryeong Bridge was
exactly that. Back then, all heavy equipment for construction was
government-owned and individuals were barred from importing it. The
only way to own such equipment as a private company was to buy it
through the U.S. Eighth Army. Fortunately, we were the only Korean
construction company registered as a corporate customer by the U.S.
Army. While other construction companies bought heavy equipment
through middlemen, we were able to purchase it directly from the U.S.
Army.
I handpicked the equipment together with Lee Ki-hong, the director
Chapter 2: The Birth of Hyundai | 55
A throng of Seoul citizens at the reopening ceremony of the Han River Bridge
reconstructed by Hyundai Construction, 1957.
of equipment acquisition. Most of the equipment that the U.S. Army
was selling was as good as new. My knowledge of automobiles and
experience in repairing them gave me an advantage over other people
in selecting the equipment.
We started to set ourselves apart from the pack in 1957. That year,
we successfully won the bid to rebuild the Han River Bridge destroyed
during the Korean War. Prior to this project, because Hyundai had
entered every bid, fighting tenaciously to win each and every time, the
construction industry thought of us as an upstart that sometimes caused
headaches but also a small fish that could be placated by giving us crumbs.
That is why everyone was stunned when we won the bid for the Han
River Bridge.
56 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
The construction for the bridge started in September of 1957 and
was finished by May 1958. As such, it was a project of relatively short
duration, but the contract was worth a whopping 230 million hwan,”°
which made it Korea’s biggest construction project since the Goryeong
Bridge. It was no wonder the whole construction industry was surprised
to see us win the bid.
Originally, the Minister of Interior wanted to give the project to
Joheung Construction while the Minister of Finance wanted to give it
to the Heunghwa Workshop. However, with neither side yielding and
unable to reach a compromise for a year, they ended up opening up the
bid to everyone. Hyundai, who never missed an opportunity to bid,
entered a bid as well. Then, Heunghwa Workshop entered a bid of
1,000 won, saying that they would ‘donate’ the bridge. At the time the
taxi fare from downtown Seoul to the Han River was 4,000 won. All the
other bidders thought it preposterous, but had to walk away. One makes
a bid because one wants to make money. However, when someone enters
a bid for 1,000 won saying that he wants to ‘donate’ the project to the
government, what could one do?
However, after reviewing Heunghwa Workshop's 1,000 won proposal,
the Minister of Interior determined that the bid was not serious, issued
an official statement that the government could not accept ‘donation
construction’ works. Hyundai was automatically granted the contract
by default, as we were the second lowest bidder. We earned a 40 percent
profit from it. Through this project, Iw as able to confirm my motto that
“As long as you don't die and remain healthy, there may be periods of
hardship but never complete failure.”
After this construction, we were included with the likes of Daedong
Industrial, Joheung Construction, Sambu Construction, and Kuk-dong
Engineering & Construction as frontrunners among 1,000 or so
construction companies in Korea.
Back then, collusion or cartel agreements between construction
Chapter 2: The Birth of Hyundai | 57
companies were common. In the construction business, it was meaningless
to place second or third place in a bid. Even though no actual weapons
were employed nor any lives lost, this was war for all intents and
purposes. In this world of ferocious competition, it was brains against
brains, wits against wits. Once, the head of a rival company kidnapped
me and in another instance, I almost went to jail.
4
;
Chung Ju-yung signing a U.S. base construction contract.
From July 1957, U.S. Army construction projects which had
remained lackluster since the armistice in 1953 began to take off as
the United States started massive reinforcement of its forces in Korea,
including by deploying nuclear weapons to Korea. As a result, construction
projects for permanent U.S. military facilities began. Unlike some of
the emergency construction projects during the war, these new U.S.
58 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
military projects had detailed specifications and equipment clauses that
had to be met. However, as I had learned from painful experience that
in construction it is of the utmost importance that one has enough
equipment at hand, I had already established a heavy equipment office at
our Cho-dong headquarters in May 1957. I appointed Kim Young-joo
as the manager of this office who repaired, assembled, and remodeled
the equipment we acquired. Sometimes we even built for ourselves the
equipment that we did not have. Clearly, one of the main factors that
contributed to Hyundai Construction’s growth was our early adoption
of advanced machinery and heavy equipment. Of course, this was all
thanks to the ordeal of the Goryeong Bridge.
The U.S. Army’s bidding process for construction projects was
completely different from the Korean government’s where whoever
submitted the lowest bid always won. The U.S. Army not only required
that the bidders write in the total amount of the bid, but also fill out
detailed estimates for all the parts that made up the project. Our quotes
for the U.S. Army were handled by Lee Yeon-sul, Lee Chul-lim, and
Kwon Ki-tae. In the early days of working with the U.S. Army, we had
difficulty even deciphering the technical specifications and blueprints, so
we had to follow the U.S. supervisor’s instructions through an interpreter.
At first, there were so many ridiculous mishaps, such as using the technical
specification manual to kindle fire, even for toilet paper. Looking back
now, I don’t know whether to laugh or cry.
In the midst of such tragicomedy, we won the bid to pave the
runway at the Osan Airfield. In June 1959, we also won a construction
order from the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers of the U.S. Forces in the
Far East Command. This was our biggest construction project to date,
and we set out on the restoration work for the first dock of the Port
of Incheon. Construction for the U.S. Army was difficult because we
lacked English-speaking personnel and had trouble securing equipment
matching the specifications. However, Im ade sure that as many Hyundai
Chapter 2: The Birth of Hyundai | 59
workers as possible were sent to the two construction sites to make full
use of these sites for field training.
It is not shameful to ask about something you don’t know, even
if you have to ask someone younger or of lower rank than yourself.
While carrying out these two construction projects, we were earnest
and prepared to learn anything and everything we could from American
technicians.
In the late 1950s and 1960s, Hyundai was hardly the only company
that had difficulty with U.S. Army construction work. No words could
adequately describe the hardship every Korean construction company
had to go through. But we all learned and grew from the ordeal.
After that, we planned everything using American specifications
and took other important measures such as stepping up our quality
control standards. We learned all these things from our American
counterparts during these construction projects.
Success is all about timing and decision-making
I believe that timing and action are the keys to success or failure.
Cement is the most important material on a construction site.
Not having enough cement can push back production and increase
construction costs if construction cannot be finished before the monsoon
season or before winter sets in. Government supplies of cement would
often be delivered late. We were constantly desperate for a reliable supply
of cement.
I thought, “All the raw materials for cement already exist in this
country. The provinces of Gangwon and Chungcheong are covered in
limestone mountains, which means we can dig up as much high quality
limestone as we'd like. We only need to add iron-rich raw materials to
it. It’s as simple as that.”
Once I set my sights on something, I tend to think about it in easy
60 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
and simple terms. In 1957, I set about establishing a cement plant to
solve, once and for all, the problems caused by the paucity of cement. I
bought a limestone mine located in North Chungcheong Province that
had a reserve of 82 million tons of limestone. I established a planning
department for the cement business to handle research and government
relations. That year, we made the blueprints for a cement plant with
production capacity of 200,000 tons a year and officially submitted
the plan to the Development Loan Fund (DLF) of the Ministry of
Commerce and Industry.
However, despite the fact that we often could not work because
we had to wait for cement, the Ministry of Commerce and Industry
decided to postpone the plan on the grounds that “existing plants can
meet demand.” But the real reason was that the plan posed a threat to
the established cement companies that sought to retain their monopoly.
In 1958, our first attempt to build a cement plant ended in failure
and precious time was wasted.
In April 1960, the Jayuwdang (Liberal Party)*! was pushed out of
power and the Minjudang (Democratic Party)** took over. We resubmitted
our plan to establish a 200,000-ton cement plant. The government
responded that there was not enough demand to warrant such a venture.
We demanded that they show proof for their claim. Just as Hyundai did
not have data to back the claim that there was a lack of cement, neither
did the government have data to prove that there was a surplus. The
only existing data came from a report by an architecture and engineering
company called Smith, Hinchman & Grylls for the United States Agency
for International Development (USAID). The report said, “By 1963,
South Korea will have a demand of only 750,000 tons, which means that
current facilities will be sufficient.”
Thinking that there was no other way but to prove our point
ourselves, we conducted a comprehensive investigation on the future
demand for construction in Seoul and the main provincial citiesW.e found
Chapter 2: The Birth of Hyundai | 61
that 1.2 million tons of cement would be needed in 1962 and 1963. The
government was in a predicament, not being able to trust either our
report or USAID's.
Fortunately, as a part of its economic development plan, the
government officially approved the construction of our cement plant. I
was relieved that we would no longer have to waste our time because of
a lack of cement. But before we could begin construction, the May 16
military coup took place.” I thought all our plans would be put on hold,
which made me incredibly disheartened.
However, from the outset, the military government focused on the
domestic construction industry. A boom in construction ensued, and the
President Park Chung-hee with Chung Ju-yung and his wife Byun Joong-seok at the
opening ceremony for the Danyang Cement Plant, 1964.
62 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
shortage of cement worsened. This meant reliance on imported cement,
which was at 12.9 percent in 1961, would rise in the years ahead. Thus,
Hyundai finally was able to move forward on its cement plant construction.
The government planned to increase the overall production capacity
to 720,000 tons and approved 400,000 tons for Ssangyong Cement
Industrial, 400,000 tons for Hanil Cement, and 200,000 tons for Hyundai
Engineering & Construction.
The government verified the estimate of limestone reserve in the
mountains in Danyang. On July 13, 1962, the Korean government, Hyundai
Engineering & Construction, and USAID signed a $ 4.25 million contract
for the construction of the Danyang Cement Plant.
Even if life doesn't stop for a moment, everybody wants to enjoy
life comfortably at a leisurely pace. However, I think there is nothing
more foolish than living a life according to the mantra of “doing enough
just to get by,” not knowing how precious one’s time is. In one lifetime, we
can become a revered, immortalized politician, a scholar, a revolutionary,
a writer, a musician, a painter, or a businessman like those that we
admire. These remarkable people did not take two or three lifetimes to
accomplish what they did. They did it in one. To be sure, individual
aptitude, ability, environment, or excellence differs from case to case.
Not everyone can pull off such deeds in a single lifetime. However, if
you make full use of your time by living diligently, you can excel in any
field. Such a life would be considered a successful one.
It is a harsh reality that bold actions are required to develop and
operate a company. You just can't build a company with intelligence
alone. It requires both a brain that thinks intelligently and a will to put
those thoughts into action. When work needs to be done, there are
those who get it done immediately and others who procrastinate.
You might think that if the work has been done, procrastinating
does no harm. But if you end up procrastinating all the time, this will
soon add up to an enormous amount of wasted time. Thus, the person
Chapter 2: The Birth of Hyundai | 63
who could have come in first may very well come in last. For these
reasons, I never give my workers a lot of time to finish a task. “Get it
done by tomorrow morning.”
If given more time, it is certain that most workers would put off
the assigned task for another day or two. Then they would wind up ina
last-minute rush before the deadline and work at a reckless pace. It is
easy to guess how good the results of that kind of work would be. I was
a tough boss for everyone, everywhere. I handled everything else that
needed my attention in the same manner. However, there was really
nothing that didn't need my attention. I can imagine how terrified my
workers were at the thought of my visits. In particular, I visited the
heavy-equipment factory in Seoul once a day. On days that I visited
twice, | would startle those who were relaxing after I had left. They
would think since I had already visited, I wouldn't visit again.
I know I must have hurt the feelings of many as growling was the
only way I knew how to speak to them. I am truly sorry for that. However,
I am certain that rigorous examination, training, and encouragement
made Hyundai what it is today.
When foreign companies send their workers on a business trip,
they send those who are older than 55 years old three days earlier, and
younger workers two days earlier than the scheduled meetings. ‘This is
to give them enough time to adjust to the time difference. However, we
cannot compete with companies from developed countries if we work
that way. Right after arriving, we must attend meetings with a clear
mind while achieving our initial goal. I always used to go straight to the
construction site, no matter where I had flown in from. I never set aside
time to recover from jetlag. There were of course times when I felt tired,
but if the CEO does not lead by example and merely orders workers
around, his words will fall on deaf ears. Believing that each and every
one of our workers could become a future CEO, I trained them to be
like me.
64 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
Companies in neighboring Japan and other advanced countries each
have a strong, solid management philosophy. Thus, they are not easily
swayed, nor do they collapse in the face of hardships. Our corporate
history is short and full of ups and downs. No matter how smart and
capable we are, it is extremely difficult to catch up with the frontrunners
that have century of experience in only 10 or 15 years. While we sprint
to catch up with them, they sprint even faster not to be caught and
surpassed by us. At the same speed and within the same amount of time,
100 years of difference is difficult to overcome.
Furthermore, it is all too easy for other latecomers to catch up with us.
If foreign companies work 10 hours, we must work 20 or 30 hours to
shorten the 100-year gap and train as many innovative entrepreneurs as
we can. If we are armed with deep conviction and patriotism, Korean
entrepreneurs will succeed.
I felt that my relentless on-site encouragement was acting as a
well-intentioned whip to both my workers and me. I still believe so,
and I believe that such an attitude would benefit our society and country
as a whole. The directors of today’s Hyundai and the heads of affiliated
manufacturers are veteran workers whom I trained most rigorously on
construction sites.
I believe that anyone that I trained on construction sites can be
trusted to fulfill his duty, wherever he or she is placed. That is because I
have trained them to be real workers, capable of doing anything in
a flawless and responsible manner. Every day needs to be a journey
towards growth. If we pause today, it is a step backward. We must move
forward even if it means only one or two steps at a time. If we don't, we
will be overtaken and soon find ourselves falling behind.
Our economy is at its lowest point today.
By the early 1990s, there were plenty of warning signs about today’s
state of affairs. The whole country was clamoring with the slogan “let’s
save the economy,” but the slogan has remained a slogan and the
Chapter 2: The Birth of Hyundai | 65
economy has worsened to the point where the future looks bleak. The
“let’s save the economy” slogan rings hollow. The only things that I
seem to notice these days are things going bad or wrong. Each day passes
with a feeling of unease heavy in the air.
The Danyang Cement Plant construction project that earned me
the nickname “the tiger” was completed on January 30, 1964, six months
before the deadline and was put into full production on July 4. As the
factory started operation, the cement shortage was relieved. As a result,
all construction sites flourished and became fully able to work to capacity.
This was a turning point for Hyundai. While previously only engaged
in general construction work, we now expanded substantially to plant
construction work as well.
Shin-yung, my brother
I am the eldest son, with five brothers and two sisters. One of my two
sisters got married in North Korea but passed away at a young age.
Shin-yung was born 16 years after me. As with all my siblings, he
was taught Chinese characters and the classics at a traditional seodang
and entered Songjeon Primary School at age nine. Like his brothers, he
grew up gathering fodder, feeding the cows, harvesting rice, and weaving
straw sacks. When I left home, Shin-yung was a three-year-old infant.
In March 1945, as a fourth grader, he transferred from Songjeon Primary
School to Seoul’s Yongsan Primary School then graduated from Boseong
Middle School.
A superbly talented child, Shin-yung was a member of the literary
club where he worked on the school magazine. He even debated
philosophy. Kind, bright, and endowed with a great sense of humor,
Shin-yung made friends easily and was always surrounded by them. He
was also the first one to help a friend in need. His friends labeled him
“the sentimental one” because he was so sensitive and emotional.
66 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
He also had high hopes for academic distinction. As a third year
law student at Seoul National University, he pushed himself so hard
preparing for the Higher Civil Service Examination that he caught
pneumonia. While recovering from that illness in a remote fishing
village, he gave up law, opting to attend graduate school. While still a
graduate student, he became interested in journalism and got a job as
a reporter at the Dong-A Ilbo. He probably became a reporter there
because his brother In-yung had worked at that paper as well.
Assigned to the politics desk, he covered the National Assembly.
Soon he became a member of the Kwanhun Club, a research and social
organization of young, elite reporters.** Despite this success, I leaned
on him heavily to continue his studies overseas. I had my reasons for
wanting Shin-yung to receive a higher education. My own academic
progress stopped at the sixth grade due to the extraordinary hardships
of our family’s circumstances, not because I found formal education to
be superfluous. Now that I had the means to open the world to my
brother, I wanted to ensure that his educational experience would never
be held back because of financial constraints. After working at the
Dong-A Ilbo for 15 months, Shin-yung went to Germany to study
economics. There, he met a girl, got married, and had children. He even
found time to work as a foreign correspondent for both the Hankook
Ilbo” and the Dong-A I/bo while completing his doctorate courses. His
prolific writings and effortless talents were a source of deep comfort for
me in difficult times. I was so proud of him.
But on April 14, 1962, I received word that Shin-yung had passed
away. He was 32 years old. A doctoral student in Hamburg, Germany,
he had just returned from a ski trip with his friends. After undergoing
surgery to relieve an intestinal blockage, he failed to recover.
By the time of his death, Shin-yung had quit his job as a foreign
correspondent and was putting the finishing touches to his dissertation.
His wife and two children had already returned from Germany and
Chapter 2: The Birth of Hyundai | 67
Chung Ju-yung and his wife Byun Joong-seok with Chung Shin-yung
at the graduation of Seoul National University College of Law, 1957.
68 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
were living in our house in Cheongun-dong.
I could accept the death of my parents with equanimity. They were
old and had been sick for a long time. Therefore, their deaths did not
come as a surpriseW.e had been preparing all along for that inevitability.
But my brother’s death was hard to accept.
Healthy, vibrant, talented. A mere 32 years old, my beloved Shin-
yung. Dead.
I just couldn't believe it.
My most cherished memory of him is his innocence and sincerity.
Warm, good hearted, and kind, my brother had such a bright future, be
it as a journalist, a scholar, or a prominent individual in any profession.
I had the highest expectations for him. I am certain that he would have
played a vital role in our society and nation.
No one ever knew how proud I was of him. Every time I saw an
article by a man named Chung... A foreign correspondent in West
Germany... Shin-yung was a part of my dreams, my pride and joy.
His death shook me to my core. I later heard that the letters I often
wrote him in Germany would lift his spirits that were dampened by
the frustration of trying to learn a foreign language. After all, he was
just a kid.
What was I supposed to do? What was Shin-yung’s wife supposed
to do? Not even thirty and a widow. What were his two fatherless
children supposed to do? I had no answers. I wept like a child for the
first and last time since my parents had passed away. What could I do?
For the only time in my life, I didn’t go to work for 10 straight days.
Members of the Kwanhun Club escorted the coffin containing my
brother's body. There is a superstition that the family cannot have the
remains of the dead inside the house if that person died overseas. I
defied this practice and ordered a Christian funeral service to be held in
our house. Shin-yung’s wife was a devout Christian. Married in a German
church, they had regularly attended Sunday services. Unbeknownst to
Chapter 2: The Birth of Hyundai | 69
my brother’s wife, Ih ad a cross carved on his headstone. When she found
out, she was deeply moved by my unexpected gesture.
On the first Sunday after my brother’s funeral, my wife and I
silently accompanied Shin-yung’s wife to service. Widowed and alone
with two young children, I simply could not let her go to church by
herself. For the next seven months, my wife and I attended church
with her.
I wanted to comfort my brother’s wife. I wanted to make sure that
his children lacked for nothing in the absence of their father. I did what
I could do, but I know it wasn’t enough because I was always working.
For this, I am truly sorry.
Raised in a prominent family, my sister-in-law is courteous,
cultivated, and thoughtful to a fault.
I loved my brother. I was so proud of him and had such high hopes
for his future. But not once did I ever tell him how I felt. To this day,
this remains my greatest regret.
In 1977, I established the Shin-yung Research Fund at the Kwanhun
Club with the hope of preserving my brother’s legacy. Since then, the
fund has supported the research and overseas studies of Korean
journalists. The fund also subsidizes the publication of books with great
social value without regard for profitability.
I wanted to bring to fruition my brother’s unfinished doctoral
dissertation, titled “The Correlation between Savings and Economic
Development: A Study Based on Developing Nations.” Starting in the
mid-1970s, I invited my brother’s dissertation adviser, Professor Voigt
of the University of Bonn, to Korea. Professor Voigt himself completed
Shin-yung’s dissertation. Published in German by the University of
Bonn in 1982, Shin-yung’s dissertation was subsequently translated
and published by the Shin-yung Research Fund.
At the publication ceremony, Professor Voigt said, “During his
studies, Chung Shin-yung put forth an unorthodox theory on the Korean
70 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
economy that other scholars had overlooked. As his adviser, I had doubts
about whether he would be able to complete his dissertation. However,
20 years have passed. It appears that South Korea’s current track record
of economic development has borne out his theory.”
My brother Shin-yung received his Ph.D. twenty years after his
death. My two nephews have grown up, gotten married, and started
families of their own. To my dear sister-in-law, no words can make up
for the loss that you have endured all these years.

| Chapter 3 |
My Construction Business
Construction, the key to modernization
In any era, it is rare to see construction becoming the main driving
force behind a country’s industrial growth. In the 1960s, however, the
construction industry led the way in Korea’s drive to modernize. This
made Korea something of an exception. But even exceptions have causes.
After 36 years of oppression and poverty under Japanese colonial
rule, and without any time to breathe, we found ourselves thrown into
the fratricidal Korean War that left the country reeling. From the rubble
of war, we had to start anew, and that is why construction became the
leading sector and powered the country’s modernization. ‘This is how
Korea became the exception to the rule.
Our government’s inaugural five-year economic development plan
stressed investment in infrastructure and development of key industries.
The government didn’t waste any time, and as their plans began to be
implemented, the construction sector had to use every last ounce of
strength to keep pace with the ambitions of government planners. The
nation’s construction companies succeeded in improving their abilities
Chapter 3: My Construction Business | 73
to exploit advanced technologieTsh.i s is how the construction industry
was able to lead the country into the modern world. At that time,
the technologies involved and the size of most construction projects
remained more or less unchanged from the previous decade. For Hyundai,
involvement in the building of the Honam Fertilizer Plant and the
Chuncheon Dam provided valuable experience for further development.
When Hyundai began construction of the Honam Fertilizer Plant,
our industrial facilities were nothing to be proud of. Our manufacturing
infrastructure and technical base at the time were basically nonexistent.
The Lurgi Company, a West German engineering firm that participated
in the building of the Honam Fertilizer Plant, did not allow us to weld
more than 18 meters a day. They did not think we were up to the job.
During the construction of the Honam plant, West German engineers
taught us superior construction techniques and we learned how plant
construction is done. This experience proved valuable when building the
Korea Fertilizer Plant in 1966 and the Chungju Fertilizer Plant in 1971.
After our country regained its independence at the end of World
War II, it was quickly divided, and the North cut off our power supply,
forcing us to generate our own electricity. The government gave the
American construction company Bechtel a bulk contract to build a power
plant in Dangin-ri. The government didn't trust the Korean engineers
and technicians, so they refused to let us become a subcontractor. Even
the welders were brought in from America.
Meanwhile, we pushed as hard as we could to win contracts. We
were finally able to participate in the construction of the 2"? Samcheok
power plant. We followed up by working on the construction of the
2™¢ Yeongwol power plant in 1962, Busan’s Gamcheon power plant in
1963, the Gunsan power plant in 1965, the Incheon power plant in
1969, and the Pyeongtaek power plant in 1977. These projects helped
us acquire and accumulate technical expertise.
Hyundai Engineering & Construction’s ability to build power plants
74 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
was recognized and praised when we built the Yeongwol power plant
with the technological guidance of two foreign companies, the Siemens
Group and the Mann Construction Group.
As a result, we escaped being labeled a mere subcontractor and got
to work on the Gunsan power plant in 1965 in a joint venture with the
American company MWK. We even built the Pyeongtaek power plant
under a turnkey contract, which meant that, when the construction was
finished, the plant was complete and ready to go.
The tenacity with which we pursued and carried out projects
propelled us to construct nuclear power plants ahead of any other Korean
company.
Similarly, the Chuncheon Dam, measuring 40 meters in height and
453 meters in length, was our first attempt at building a hydroelectric
power plant. This particular project, which required combined expertise
in civil engineering, architecture, electrical engineering, and machinery,
helped us further built upon the technical expertise we had already
amassed. As the 1960s came to a close, our government announced that
it would only use domestic construction companies for power plant
construction. This was made possible because Korean construction
companies had successfully accumulated the necessary expertise. If
Korean companies at the time had lacked the determination and the
sense of duty to fully develop the ability to carry out all domestic
construction projects, foreign construction companies would have
dominated Korea’s newly emerging construction market.
Korean companies’ hard work allowed us to domesticize construction
projects. It also enabled us to build infrastructure with our own hands.
We became strong enough to compete against the world’s leading
construction companies in foreign markets. At the same time, we were
able to take what we had learned and expand into heavy industries. The
construction sector took its experience and expertise to international
markets, while technologies learned abroad were brought back to Korea.
Chapter 3: My Construction Business | 75
This was important because it linked the domestic and international
marketsT.h e construction industry’s progress during this period enhanced
the level of competency of the Korean industry as a whole and served
as a foundation for other industries to follow. I doubt that anybody
would disagree with my argument on this: our construction industry
served as the engine for the country’s modernization and economic
development.
Going overseas
There is one thing I fear the most as a business leader: regime change.
Whether it’s a coup détat or a democratic election, private businesses
are always the first target. The new regime always accuses us of having
been too cozy with the previous administration and using our leverage
for ill-gotten gains.
So far, there has not been a single regime that hasn't threatened
private businesses after grabbing power. After the Syngman Rhee
regime collapsed, the first order of business for the interim Heo Jeong
administration was to rescind all government construction contracts.
It was an interim government in a confusing time, so it had to take
extraordinary measures, but their decision immediately plunged the
construction industry into recession.
Things only got worse in 1960, when the democratically elected
government accused businesses of illegally profiting through tax evasions
and hit 46 companies with penalties and fines. These were businesses
that had been doing their best to avoid bankruptcy in the poor business
environment that had been created by the previous regime.
Of course, the country’s leading construction companies, such as
Daedong Industrial, Joongang Industrial, Sambu Construction, Kukdong
E&C, Heunghwa Workshop, Daelim Industrial, and Hyundai Engineering
& Construction were all targeted. The National Assembly passed a law
76 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
entitled the Special Settlement Act on Illegally Amassed Wealth. However,
within six days of its enactment, it was annulled because of the May 16
military coup. But the newly established military regime also had a thirst
for hitting private businesses.
In June 1961, the Special Settlement Act was once again passed.
Inspection teams were dispatched to 58 companies. In December of that
year, Daedong, Joongang, and Daelim were told that they were going
to be nationalized, while Hyundai, Sambu, and Heunghwa were exempt.
The reason Hyundai was excluded was that we had been less close to the
previous government. We also benefited from being the poorest of the
businesses targeted. What’s more, the fact that the previous government
rejected our numerous loan requests for the Danyang Cement Plant proved
that we were not politically tied to the regime. Our run of bad luck turned
out to be a blessing in disguise.
On such occasions, I felt disappointed and lonely. I so desperately
wanted everyone to understand Hyundai and have it recognized for what
it was: a self-made company. No self-respecting businessman would want
his life’s work labeled a product of corruption that only grew through
access to government handouts. I resent that politicians today portray
Hyundai as having become successful only due to government contracts.
I had wanted us to make it big on our own, and we have.
For two or three years, I had actually expected the domestic
construction industry to hit a wall if we didn’t tap into foreign markets.
There were a couple of reasons I had come to that conclusion. First, there
was a limit to the amount of investment possible within the government-
led domestic market. During the period of the first economic development
plan, the domestic construction industry relied on government-led
projects for more than 80 percent of its annual contracts. However, the
government's limited finances meant that they could no longer sustain
domestic growth. On top of that, with the number of construction
companies expected to continue to grow in spite of stricter licensing, an
Chapter 3: My Construction Business | 77
imbalance between supply and demand appeared inevitable.
Second, the military construction market was shrinking. Until the
late 1950s, U.S. military construction projects and government projects
were the two largest markets for our domestic construction sector.
In the 1960s, however, the U.S. federal government implemented
an aggressive policy under the Buy American Act. The policy limited
domestic companies from participating in military construction projects.
The U.S. escalation in the Vietnam War after 1965 only made the situation
worse because the number of military construction projects fell even
more quickly. After two regime changes and the ensuing fallout from
both, I became convinced that we had to go abroad to find a way out. I
began to seriously consider entering foreign construction markets. With
our accumulated expertise and the advances we had made through so
much hard work, I wanted to go abroad and escape the confines of the
domestic market and its gloomy prospects. At the same time, I also
wanted to help the country build up its foreign currency reserves, help
the unemployed, and create as much distance as we could from the
offensive accusations that we were colluding with the government.
During a meeting in early 1963, I announced that I was planning
something big that year and hinted at the prospect of going abroad. In
July, Hyundai began moving into foreign markets by participating in
the international bidding for the construction of water-supply facilities
in Saigon, South Vietnam, worth $5 million.
This first attempt didn’t turn out well because of our inexperience.
But we began collecting information on foreign construction markets
through various overseas construction departments. At the same time,
I dispatched some of our company’s high-level executives to Southeast
Asian countries, such as Thailand, Malaysia, Vietnam, and other major
construction markets around the world to seek out overseas contracts.
Nobody could get in the way of my determination to utilize the
Southeast Asian market as a pivot to the rest of the world. In May
78 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
1965, we opened an office in Bangkok, and I asked my fourth brother,
Se-yung, to serve as the branch manager in charge of construction
contracts. In August, we participated in the international bidding for
a turnkey bridge project in Phuket, Thailand. It was the first time we
participated in international bidding in Thailand.
We submitted a bid that was 50 percent more than the lowest bid,
so we failed to get that job. Our second bid, for an airport in Hat Yai,
Thailand, also failed. On our third attempt, in September 1965, we
finally won a bid against 29 companies from 16 developed countries.
Our first project in an overseas construction market was to build the
Pattani-Narathiwat Highway in Thailand. This construction contract was
considered, along with revisions to the Construction Act in February 1962,
as one of two landmark events in the history of the Korean construction
industry.
We can look back on it now and laugh, but later that year, when
engineers and workers were boarding the first plane to Thailand, the Korea
Broadcasting System (KBS) broadcast the event live. Everyone in Korea
was talking about our first overseas project.
Chung Ju-yung at the Pattani-Narathiwat Pattani-Narathiwat
Highway construction site in Thailand, 1966. Highway construction site.
Chapter 3: My Construction Business | 79
Our work in Thailand was an important first step, proving that a
private Korean construction company could export its services abroad. The
highway had two lanes measuring 98 kilometers in length. Construction
took 30 months, and the total cost was $5.22 million. This was more
than Hyundai Construction’s total annual construction costs for any
year before then and more than 60 percent of the value of all construction
contracts won by Korean companies in 1965, both at home and abroad.
What’s more, it was 33.4 percent of the total amount ($15.22 million)
exported by the Korean construction sector in 1965 and the largest single
construction contract up until then.
‘The sheer scale of the project meant that I had to focus all my
attention and energy on it. In-yung (who served as vice president) and
I made frequent trips to the site to encourage our engineers. However,
because of our outdated technology, our lack of expertise in managing
construction work, huge rainfall, and poor soil, we spent vast amounts
of cash trying to make things work. For only the second time since the
Goryeong Bridge, the prospect of abandonment loomed.
If it were just about us, abandoning the project would have made
sense, but how could I neglect the people and companies that would be
affected? Hyundai is a Korean construction company, and there are
many other Korean construction companies besides us. If Hyundai were
to have quit after becoming the first Korean company to take an overseas
project, we would have been kicking away the ladder for other Korean
construction companies trying to enter foreign markets.
I told the people that doubted me, “Are you telling me, Chung Ju-
yung, to become a traitor like Lee Wan-yong?”? A contract is a contract.
Even if we are in dire monetary straits, we have to build Thailand the
high-quality expressway they are expecting within the time we have.
That’s why we are here. We cannot and will not just cut and run. We
have to finish what we started for the good of the Hyundai brand and
for the good of the country.”
80 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
Our board members never brought up the idea again, but as expected,
we incurred a massive loss. If a loss yields experience, then it is not truly
a loss. If you can learn from a loss, then you can turn it into a gain.
Sometimes you get more from losing money than you do from making
it. We lost money on the highway construction project in Thailand,
but we also gained something in return. While we quickly tried to
understand our failures, we gained experience and valuable knowledge,
which helped us modernize. On top of that, as Korea’s first construction
company to build a highway, we later became a domestic leader in this
field.W e were able to use this experience as a stepping-stone to quickly
become an international construction company.
In January 1966, we secured a contract to dredge Vietnam’s Cam
Ranh Bay, beginning work in March. In May, we also began a housing
project in Ban Oi, Vietnam. The money we made from a construction
project in Vinh Long, a city in Vietnam, covered some of the losses we
had suffered during the highway project in Thailand.
The Thai highway and the Vietnamese dredging contract were the
beginning of Hyundai Engineering & Construction’s work abroad.
These pioneering projects allowed Hyundai to become the leader in
domestic highway construction and port-dredging projects. And the
experience we gained from the dredging project in Vietnam allowed
Hyundai to enter the Middle East in the mid-1970s and served as an
important foundation from which Hyundai could grow and develop as
a large-scale dredging company.
After the work in Thailand, we won a contract to build a bridge
over a canyon in Alaska where it gets as cold as -40 degrees Celsius. We
also won contracts to construct a housing project and military base in
Guam, an underground hydroelectric power plant in Papua New Guinea,
Vietnam's Cam Ranh military base, a dredging project on the Mekong
River, and a harbor construction work in Australia. As you can imagine,
this kept us busy.
Chapter 3: My Construction Business | 81
You cannot succeed without taking risks. We threw ourselves into
the overseas construction market before anyone else got their feet wet
because we could see its potential before anyone else. We also did it
because we were tired of being thought as living off the government’s
dime. Nothing is truly gained without taking risks. High risk can yield
high returns.
There was even a time when we were forced, work admist gunfire.
We stared down death during a 24-hour Viet Cong stakeout. Cannon
shells and bullets were flying left and right. In the midst of this devastation,
we prayed to God for protection as we built.
Building the Soyang River Dam
As far as I can remember, | don’t think there is another construction
company that has had as many problems with the government or competitors
as Hyundai Engineering & Construction.
In the early days of the construction industry, cartel agreements
and price dumping were common. Winning construction bid due to
lowballing of costs can only lead to poor quality work. In an effort to
reduce corruption in the construction industry, a law was enacted that
restricted successful bids from being under a certain amount. Then, at
one point, the average-price award system was implemented, which
awarded the bid to the bidder with the median cost estimate—this was
meant to prevent collusion. These were primitive times in the Korean
construction industry.
We were vocal in explaining the need for the lowest bidder to be
allowed to get contracts. We made our case to the government and the
measure passed. I also repeatedly argued that the government should
accept an alternative construction plan if a company had a more cost-
effective and time-saving plan than the original—even if it was the
government itself that drew up the original.
82 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
It goes without saying that I wasn't very popular with my counterparts,
as I was always tweaking the construction plans after winning a bid.
But I have always believed that whether your country is poor or rich,
if the construction of a state facility involves taxpayer money, it should
always be built as cheaply and efficiently as possible. Why should we
waste the nation’s cash on a more expensive plan?
Whether involved in a government or private project, most companies
only looked to maximize profits. They do so by raising construction costs
on even the smallest items. For instance, the contractor would take a
longer route to increase the cost of transportatioTnh.e larger the project,
the larger the share of the national budget that was wasted, and when
all the small additional costs were added up, the sum could be enormous.
Backi n those days, there were many business people and technicians
who had that mentality. As a fellow construction contractor, I was
ashamed of them. Be it national or private property, I do not like wasting
anything. A construction company that intentionally wastes resources
to maximize profits does not deserve to work in the industry.
Under such circumstances, Hyundai Engineering & Construction
often suggested an alternative plan that was cheaper and quicker. This
grated on the nerves of the government and the construction industry. The
civil service had a rather primitive mentality. They thought construction
contractors should show unconditional obedience to the government.
What’s more, for contractors who wanted to line their own pockets and
were happy with life under the status quo, Hyundai meant trouble. Even
some of our own managers thought that we were needlessly stirring up
a hornet’s nest. I never changed my mind and have stuck to my gun.
Whatever you're doing, life without hard work and a sense of duty
is a life wasted. As a construction contractor, I believe that saving the
national budget, even if only by a little, contributes to national growth.
T also believe it is my duty to make the most of what I am given.
When I left my hometown to go to the city, I thought to myself,
Chapter 3: My Construction Business | 83
“T don’t want to follow in my father’s footsteps. There is a better life
to be found in the city.” My hopes and dreams were vague, but I was
realistic: “I'll go to the city, make some money using my physical
strength, and at least keep myself fed.” I did manual labor, became a rice
storeowner, and then ran an auto-repair shop. In all that time, I never
thought about what I could do for my country. To be honest, I just lived
thinking about my family, my workers, and my own growth.
It seems that, as you get older, change jobs, and take on more
responsibilities, you gain perspective. If I had to choose one moment
when I started to believe that Hyundai Engineering & Construction
could develop as a company while helping the country develop, it was
during the Korean War. If I had only cared about my own gain, Hyundai
Engineering & Construction would not have reached where it is today.
We may not have always been on good terms with every administration,
but Hyundai has helped the government by cutting costs through
continued research. This is why Hyundai was ultimately recognized
as being indispensable to Korea’s economic growth. ‘This is also why
Hyundai was able to continue growing in the midst of violent political
upheavals, regardless of who was in power.
Firmly believing that any government would listen to suggestions
that were clearly in the national interest, I lobbied to implement an
alternative bidding system. In 1977, this effort finally bore fruit when
the government officially adopted it.
We got the Soyang River Dam construction because we tendered
the lowest bid. The Chuncheon Dam and Cheongpyeong Dam were
built with imported foreign technology. The Soyang River Dam project
was paid for, in part, byJ apanese wartime compensation to Korea. Nippon
Koei, a Japanese company, took care of tasks ranging from planning to
technology and services. Its chairman, president, and vice president were
world-renowned in the field of dam construction. There was nothing
else for us to do but to follow their lead.
84 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
We had worked for them before on a concrete gravity dam with
the Korea Water Resources Corporation (KWRC). President Kubota
of Nippon Koei, who was in charge of the project, had also overseen the
construction of the Supung Dam in present-day North Korea. He was
well known for being a Japanese patriot and it was clear to me that he
wanted all the profits to be remitted to Japan.
Back then, import rebar and cement were hard to come by. ‘The
shortage of cement in particular meant that the Soyang River Dam was
in jeopardy. By forcing us to import all of these products from Japan,
this was another example of a developed country taking advantage of
an underdeveloped country in the name of “aid.”
It soon occurred to me how expensive this project could become.
The volatile prices of other raw materials would force us to spend vast
sums of money importing and transporting materials across the country.
If we followed the Japanese plan, it was evident that we would suffer a
heavy financial loss. Winning this bid would not have done us or the
country any good, as they took everything while we kept nothing. I
remember thinking, “There has to be another way.”
I remembered the gravel and sand that lay all around the construction
site. | immediately sent Director Kwon Ki-tae to the site. His report
confirmed my memory. We came to the conclusion that building a rock-
fill dam by using the ample supply of soil, sand, and gravel nearby
would be much more economical than building a concrete gravity dam.
I immediately ordered Director Kwon Ki-tae and Chun Gap-won to
change the design from a concrete dam to a rock-fill dam. We had basic
knowledge about concrete dams and rock-fill dams because of our prior
experience with the French-designed Pason Dam of Thailand.
To change the design, we gathered information on dams from all
over the world. We determined that the global trend was to build
embankment dams of over 100 meters. I suggested a rock-fill dam
design to the Ministry of Construction. Up until then, no construction
Chapter 3: My Construction Business | 85
company had the vision or the guts to ask the government to change
their plans. Because the government held all the cards, contractors knew
better than to speak up.
I was a nobody who dared challenge the authority of the world-
renowned Nippon Koei and suggested a rock fill dam. The original plan
had already been approved by the Korea Water Resources Corporation
and the Ministry of Construction. The government was furious at this
challenge to their authority. They thought I was a troublemaker who didn't
know his place. They threw the kitchen sink at me. They humiliated and
insulted me in every way they knew how. They angrily said, “Who the
hell do you think you are? Have you gone mad?” Despite their insults and
threats, I refused to budge. We were certain that we were right. Doing
what we thought was right for the country was all that mattered.
Then came the meeting with Nippon Koei, the Ministry of
Construction, and the Korea Water Resources Corporation. I entered
the meeting room with Kwon Ki-tae and several technicians to a group
of angry men: seasoned construction authorities from the Ministry of
Construction, Vice President Hashimoto of Nippon Koei, and the CEO
of KWRC. Vice President Hashimoto had been the original designer of
the Soyang River Dam. Even before we presented our alternative plan,
the ministry officials began berating our team.
“You arrogant sons of bitches. Have you lost your damn minds?
You don't know squat about dam construction!”
Basically they were saying: “Know your place.”
Their expletive-filled diatribe lasted longer than our presentation.
Our dejected technical team had to stop. They just stood there, taking
this abuse. Glaring and fuming silently, I waited for the right moment
to start explaining our plan myself.
“Building rock-fill dams that are over 100 meters high is a worldwide
trend. Even if it weren't a trend, building a concrete dam would not
work given our country’s current financial situation. We would have to
86 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
import cement and rebar, wouldn't we? And where is the money going
to come from? A rock-fill dam would only require sand, gravel, and soil,
which means we can save a lot of cash. If we go with a rock-fill dam, I
will save you enough money for you to build at least ten waterworks for
ten small cities.”
Pointing his finger at me, Vice-President Hashimoto yelled, “And
where did you study dam construction?! Keep your mouth shut if you're
going to say something stupid like that.”
To this day, I think he had found out about my limited education
and was belittling me.
What could I say? I am a man with little education, while my
counterpart had graduated from Tokyo University and had worked for
a top construction company for decades. He was not only a real authority
on dam construction, but also older than me.
“Where did you learn that? Who the hell was your teacher?” he
continued.
The officials from the Ministry of Construction and the Korea Water
Resources Corporation joined in the attack as if they were competing
for who could be my worst tormenter. Their verbal abuse made us feel
lower than dirt, but we had to take it. Even our own public officials failed
to see the advantages of this dam for Korea. What else could we do? We
came out of the meeting feeling thoroughly humiliated.
But fate smiled down on us. The seemingly doomed plan started
to take on a life of its own. The construction minister attempted to
sabotage my plan. Knowing that I never give up and fearing that I would
attempt to persuade President Park in person, the minister preemptively
undermined me.*’
“That Chung Ju-yung blabbers on and on about this Soyang River
Dam, saying it should be a rock-fill dam. Mr. President, he is a reckless
individual. If he gets his way, all hell will break loose.”
President Park wasn’t easily steered and demanded an explanation.
Chapter 3: My Construction Business | 87
“Mr. President, do you know what would happen if we started building
a dam out of soil, sand, and gravel on the deep riverbed? The construction
would probably take years. What if there is a flood during construction?
The city of Chuncheon would be inundated and so would Seoul. That
would destabilize the government and create havoc nationwide.”
After a while, President Park broke the silence. “Well, Minister,
from what I understand, once the concrete dam is completed, it will
hold several hundred million tons of water. So what would happen if
North Korea bombed the dam?”
President Park had been an artilleryman, which meant he understood
the power of artillery better than anyone. What’s more, he was a quick
thinker and a smart leader.
He said, “Let me tell you what would happen if a concrete dam
was bombed. The kind of disaster that you're talking about would actually
happen. There would be nothing we could do to stop it. In my opinion,
as long as we are able to manage flood damage during construction,
building a rock-fill dam is the better option. A dam made out of soil,
sand, and stones would not be easily destroyed. It would be like bombing
a mountain. If it were to be bombed, we would be able to fix it quickly
afterwards. It seems like the rock-fill dam will give us less to worry
about in the long run. So look at it again thoroughly. Check whether
Hyundai’s plan is feasible.”
We had no clue what was going on behind the scenes. One day, the
Ministry of Construction urgently demanded that we hand over our
drawings and blueprints. It was as if all hell had broken loose. The design
we submitted was examined and tested in Tokyo by Nippon Koei and
then again in Korea by the Ministry of Construction. While they tested
our design, I was so busy with other projects that I almost forgot about
the Soyang River Dam.
Then one day, after too much drinking with some influential
former military officials, I became violently ill. The following day, while
88 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
I was at the hospital checking whether my illness was something more
serious, Ir eceived a message from President Kubota and Vice-President
Hashimoto that they would pay a visit to me at the hospital. My test
results showed that I was fine. I had not forgotten all of the abuse they
had thrown at me, so I told them that they didn’t need to go through all
that trouble. However, they insisted, so I suggested that we meet at my
office because I was soon to be discharged.
As soon as he entered my office, President Kubota, a man in his
80s, got down on his knees and made a bow so deep that his forehead
nearly touched the floor. Startled, I asked, “Mr. President, what are you
doing? I am not dead yet. I am doing just fine, so please don't bow to
me like that.”
Kubota said, “When we met last time, Hashimoto-san was most
disrespectful in his behavior. Hashimoto-san is an expert in concrete
dams, not rock-fill dams. He doesn’t actually have a good understanding
of them and behaved in a most disrespectful manner toward you. But
please, sir, be gracious enough to forgive him.”
I responded, “Everything’s fine. I don’t have time to hold a grudge
over things in the past. But tell me, what did you conclude after looking
over our design?”
“As you said, Mr. Chung, switching to a rock-fill dam from a concrete
one may not save as much as 30 percent of the cost, but it could certainly
save up to 20 percent. And a reexamination of the construction site has
shown that the bedrock is weak, so a rock-fill dam would be better. The
construction method proposed by Hyundai would put less of a burden
on the bedrock, which would make the job much less risky. And the
available gravel, sand, soil, and other materials are not only of high
quality, but also abundant. You were right after all, Mr. Chung.”
Nippon Koei and the Ministry of Construction had completely
changed their tune. When we submitted the report for the changes to
the dam construction, the president approved it within a day. Our plan
Chapter 3: My Construction Business | 89
ultimately saved 30 percent of the initial budget, as I had previously
calculated. If we had proceeded with the original concrete construction
plan, with inflation, it would have cost several times more than the
estimated budget. To my knowledge, since the first testing of the
floodgates immediately after completion, the Soyang River Dam only
opened its floodgates in 1980 and in 1994. The dam and its reservoir
are large enough to accommodate high water levels without the need to
open the floodgate. I am proud of our accomplishment.
The Busan harbor project in 1974 was another memorable construction
Soyang River Dam.
90 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
project in which our alternative plan was adopted. A second-generation
Japanese-American working for an American technology company
designed the project. His plan involved creating an artificial embankment
by digging up the mud from the bottom of the sea. However, believing
that the seabed was too soft to build a dock upon, he suggested buying
materials from Japan to reinforce it. This would have involved enclosing
the area and pumping out the water. We would have had to pay Japan the
precious money we had borrowed from the World Bank. So we offered
an alternative.
I told him, “We can set aside the sand that we dredge from the
ship berths and use that sand later to build an artificial site. Instead of
using money to buy materials from Japan, we can use the money to
dredge sand from the mouth of the Nakdong River.”
Why give money to another country for a construction job we
were carrying out with borrowed money? The World Bank’s plan was
scrapped and our alternative was adopted in its place. In Ulsan, during
this project, we built not only the dredging vessels, but also the machinery
with which to dredge up the sand and load it onto ships.
By the end of the 1960s, Hyundai had built most of Korea's
infrastructure, ranging from roads, port facilities, dams, schools, and
cultural facilities. Anytime someone came up with a cheaper plan, I
adopted it without hesitation. Be it time or money, whether it be for an
individual or a nation, I believe wasting anything is a sin.
The Gyeongbu Expressway: Korea’s main artery
In November 1967, President Park summoned me to the Blue House,
the official residence of the president. He was drinking a Korean rice
brew called makgeolli with officials from the Ministry of Construction
after dinner. Since Ministry of Construction officials were present, I
assumed that the president had a construction project in mind that he
Chapter 3: My Construction Business | 91
wanted to talk with me about. But I couldn't just come out and ask the
president, “So why am I here? You got something for me?” But after
a while, the president finally opened up. He wanted to talk about the
construction of a Seoul-Busan expressway.
In April 1966, President Park had made an election pledge for a
large-scale land development project as part of his second five-year
economic development plan. One of the key parts of the program was
the construction of an expressway linking Korea’s two largest cities.
By the end of 1966, the amount of freight being shipped around the
country had grown exponentially. When President Park visited West
Germany in 1964, he had been awestruck by the efficiency of the
Autobahn. When he returned to Korea, he began pushing the idea of
building a similar expressway.
As is common in underdeveloped countries, most medium- and
long-distance travel and freight was dependent on the railway network.
Road transport was lacking. Moreover, access to freight trains was limited,
and the cost of sending one load of freight between Seoul and Busan
came at a premium—about 20,000 won in those days, which was well
over a month’s salary for most people. With such inefficient transport,
shipping costs would inevitably rise.
President Park said, “If we build an expressway, goods and people
can be moved more easily. Raw materials will be able to reach factories
more quickly, and then factories can get their products out to consumers
that much more efficiently. If we shorten transport times, this will
jumpstart the economy. We just have to get it done, no matter who tries
to oppose us.
“Because Hyundai Construction is the only domestic company that
has experience building highways, I want you to come up with a plan to
build an expressway connecting Seoul and Busan as quickly and cheaply
as possible.”
Starting the very next day, and for the next month, some workers
92 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
and I went up and down the roads between Seoul and Busan. We quickly
needed to figure out approximately how much it would cost and how
soon we could get the construction work done. Because we had experience
building the Thai expressway, we were already used to measuring and
managing supplies, and executing construction plans.
The road between Daejeon and Daegu carried less traffic, so we
decided that a two-lane road would be sufficient for that stretch. In
total, we estimated that the whole project would cost approximately 28
billion won. But as we found out later, we were not the only ones tasked
with calculating the costs of the project. The president had also ordered
the Ministry of Construction, the Ministry of Finance, the municipal
government of Seoul, and the Army Corps of Engineers to present their
estimates and calculations.
At the end of November, the five groups all submitted their
construction plans.
The Ministry of Construction quoted a price of 65 billion won; the
city of Seoul, 18 billion won; the Ministry of Finance, 33 billion won; the
Army Corps of Engineers, 49 billion won; and Hyundai Construction,
28 billion won.
The city of Seoul’s estimate was so low because they had not taken
into account the difference between highway construction and urban road
construction. President Park decided to split the difference between
Hyundai's and the Ministry of Finance’s, allocating 30 billion won, with
a reserve fund of 10 percent, bringing the actual budget to 33 billion won.
The Ministry of Construction, who had submitted an estimate of
65 billion won, publicly belittled us.“ You don’t even know what the word
‘civil’ means in civil engineering. You really messed up this time.” The
others also piled on.
Later on, the two-lane stretch between Daejeon and Daegu would
become four lanes. The original route through farmland was also changed
to go through the hills due to the government’s policy of preserving rice
Chapter 3: My Construction Business | 93
fields. Costs skyrocketed. The higher-than-expected price of supplies
and the fee used to purchase the land meant the total cost now rose to
43 billion won.
Whenever a large project begins, you get people who want to take
it slow or just oppose it outright. Journalists and academics were opposed
to the construction of an expressway, while the ruling Republican Party
and economic ministers remained ambivalent. In face of overwhelming
opposition, President Park held firm. I supported and respected the
president’s strength and courage. He believed in Hyundai Construction,
because of our past experience in Thailand and because of who we were.
In return, I vowed to complete the expressway so that he would be able
to overcome the near unanimous opposition.
February 1, 1968.
Near the first tollgate of the expressway, the long-awaited construction
literally began with a bang—the sound of blasting. I will never forget
the excitement and emotion that filled me at that moment. I know the
president felt the same way.
The Gyeongbu Expressway, as it came to be known, ran along
the spine of the country, connecting the capital with the industrial
heartlands in the southeast. It connected the two major trading ports,
Busan and Incheon. It made it possible to travel across the country in
one day and was the artery through which industry, the lifeblood of
the economy, flowed. The whole project, including construction costs,
compensation for land, surveying and planning costs, and the cost of
assistance from overseas, came to 42.9 billion won. The construction
costs alone totaled 37.9 billion won, which was equivalent to 23.6 percent
of Korea’s state budget in 1967.
It was the largest civil engineering project in Korea since the
mythical founder Dangun formed the country 5,000 years ago. ‘The
expressway construction required 5.4 million manual laborers, plus 3.6
million support staff, totaling 9 million people, nearly a third of the total
94 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
population. This was truly a nationwide effort.
It was a major risk for the state to attempt to build a 428-kilometer
highway with 43 billion won in less than three years. There was also a
good chance that some of the participating construction companies
would make mistakes that could result in a huge loss. It was with such
a burden that we began the project.
A businessman contributes to his country by creating wealth and
jobs with his profits. He does not simply throw money in the direction
of the state or society. The priority of the state is to keep the project
under budget, but a businessman must make a profit.
Taking advantage of legal loopholes and doing shoddy work is
unacceptable. But to make money, you have to “shorten the construction
time.”
This is the line I have always repeated and the strategy I have used
to keep my business together. But to make it work, full utilization of
heavy machinery was critical.
The first thing I did was to acquire nearly 2,000 cutting-edge heavy
machines for the astronomical price of $8 million. In 1965, all civilian
construction companies in Korea owned a combined total of 1,647
machines. ‘This gives you a sense of the size of this purchase.
Hyundai was the very first company to use such equipment. There
were those who loudly insisted that we couldn't do the job for the amount
we had quoted. So the government gave us a no-bid contract for the
Seoul-Suwon section, the first part of the expressway. They wanted
to show it could be done. We became a model to other construction
companies that had no experience building such highways. When we
did it for the price quoted, all the other companies were ready to do
their part.
I barely slept. I always brought a cot with me to the work sites.
While I was being driven around in my jeep to encourage our people,I
could sometimes close my eyes for a few minutes. If the workers merely
Chapter 3: My Construction Business | 95
saw my jeep, they would immediately come to attention and work harder.
Two-fifths of the construction was being done by Hyundai. Fifteen
other construction companies and three battalions from the Army Corps
of Engineers did the rest. I spread a 1/5000-scale map of Korea out on
a big table in the headquarters meeting room. Sometimes, I would stand
on top of the map, trying to figure out how we could build the straightest
possible road for the least amount of money. Every day, a situation
report was put on President Park’s bedside table, telling him about the
progress of construction. Each morning, he would check in by telephone
and visit a construction site by helicopter or car, without bodyguards.
At any Hyundai Construction work site, all construction trucks
have the right of way. Everyone has to yield at these trucks—even the
CEO or director. This is the only acceptable way at Hyundai. Every time
the president rode into a work site in his jeep, the site managers would
worry because of this “trucks have right of way” rule. Even I had to yield
to these trucks. For the site mangers, the appearance of any VIPs must
have been nerve-wracking.
President Park visited the Ansan site after having visited the
Pyeongtaek site. On his way back to Seoul, the Ansan police chief
escorted the president’s car. As they were going through the expressway
work site, the chief jumped out of the car to tell the driver of a dump
truck to slow down and get out of the way. The driver, known as the
“king of the work site” glared at them as if to say, “Who is this S.O.B.
telling me to stop?” President Park directed his car to yield to the truck.
After that, this truck driver was known on the site as “the man more
powerful than the president.”
Whether it was late at night or early in the morning, the president
would call me to talk about the expressway. We ate together often and
drank a lot of makgeolli as we shared our thoughts about Korea’s economy.
Because my digestive system is weak, I hated makgeolli. However, the
president was a huge fan, and of course I couldn't tell him how much |
96 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
didn’t like it. So I just drank it. Some nights, leaving the Blue House,
the president’s official residence, feeling sick from all the makgeolli, I
would even have to relieve myself on the presidential grounds.
Even though President Park seized power in a military coup, I
admired his beliefs and his unwavering determination to modernize
Korea. He was a highly intelligent man and a man of action. Serving a
president who was selfless and unassuming, I believed my job was to
make the most of what little we had.
Maybe it was because we did things so differently from everyone
Figure 2. Gyeongbu Expressway
Seoul-Suwon (23.7km)
Started on
g February 1, 1968
Suwon-Osan (14.1km)
Completed on Completed on
December 30, 1968 December 21, 1968
Daejeon-Daegu (149.8km)
4] Completed on
July 7, 1970
Daegu-Busan (122.1km)
Completed on
December 31, 1969
Chapter 3: My Construction Business | 97
else that there were so many unfounded rumors about us. The one I
heard most during the expressway construction was that I was trying to
impress the president because I wanted to become the next Minister of
Construction. This was ridiculous.
On February 1, 1968, we started the first section of the expressway,
from Seoul to Suwon and Suwon to Osan, a total of 38.6 kilometers.
On December 21, we finished up to Suwon, and on December 30, we
finished to Osan. The work on the route from Daegu to Busan began
on September 15, 1968, and was finished on December 31, 1969.
The most difficult section was from Daejeon to Daegu. Making
the change from two lanes to four and various other issues resulted in
design work running late, but construction still started on March 1, 1969,
and finished June 30, 1970. Even though things were going smoothly,
it was not a time for us to put our feet up. The headache of tunnel
construction was lurking in that part of the expressway.
From Usan-ri, Iwon-myeon, Okcheon-gun to Maegeum-ri, Yongsan-
myeon, Yeongdong-gun, for a distance of only four kilometers, we had
to drill a tunnel through the Sobaek Mountains at breakneck speed.
All the new equipment we had bought kept breaking down. Normally,
having more dirt than rocks makes construction go more smoothly,
but when building tunnels, the opposite applies. In this section, the
mountains were a mix of fragmented rocks, dirt, and sand. One day, near
the Dangje valley, 20 meters into the tunnel, the walls suddenly collapsed
with a thunderous roar. Three men died and one was seriously injured.
On a good day, we would get through two meters. On a bad day, less
than 30 centimeters. We would have cave-ins frequently and the men
digging out the rocks would sometimes be thrown back as much as 10
meters by sudden bursts of underground water. Fearing for their lives,
workers started abandoning the work site.
In one instance, a man had cut down a zelkova tree that the locals
superstitiously believed housed spirits. When this man had an accident,
98 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
a large number of workers suddenly decided to quit. I had to double
wages because of this, but there were still not enough workers. We had
to send in more than 600 pieces of heavy machinery and a vast number
of trucks, but no matter how hard I pushed, I couldn’t seem to get us
out of this standstill.
Digging the tunnel brought great anxiety and distress. But this
wasn't the only difficulty we faced constructing the expressway. One
time we had to build a bridge over the Geum River, and the temporary
structure we had installed washed away in a storm.
The northbound tunnel was 590 meters and the southbound tunnel
was 530 meters.
After 13 cave-ins, progress on the northbound tunnel stalled at
350 meters, two months before the deadline.
Dr. Lee Moon-ok came from the Ministry of Construction to check
on the tunnelT.h e way he saw it, we would struggle to finish construction
within the year. His projections, based on our pace at the time, were
that we would finish the following March. If we could speed up the
work, we might complete it by December, but no matter how much we
pushed, it would take until September, at least. Site manager Yang
Bong-woong wrote a report based on this depressing news, suggesting
that the only way we could finish on time would be to use high-strength
cement. With regular cement, once it is mixed to make concrete, you
have to wait a week before you can set another explosion. But with
high-strength cement, the next explosion can be set off within 12 hours.
This high-quality cement was far more expensive. I asked him
whether he was certain we could finish on schedule if we used this
special cement. My conclusion at the time was, “If I have to choose
between reputation and money, Ill always take reputation. Finishing
on time is how we protect our reputation and honor. So let’s give it a
shot. In any case, our calculations have been off from the start. If you
can make some cash, great, but even if you’ in the red, you still have
Chapter 3: My Construction Business | 99
President Park Chung-hee and First Lady Yook Young-soo with Chung Ju-yung
at the opening ceremony of the Gyeongbu Expressway on July 7, 1970.
100 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
to meet the deadline. Call Danyang Cement.”
From that moment, Danyang Cement found itself in the high-
strength cement business. The Minister of Construction, Lee Han-rim,
visited their work site once a week. The State Director of Roads went
every four days. And I went every day. Whether the Gyeongbu Expressway
would open on time or not depended on the Dangje tunnel.
Not only did we have to completely revise our estimates, we had
to break away from the very idea of working under a budget. The high-
strength cement was being produced, but because no train could access
the site, the cement couldn't be shipped in. With no other option, we were
forced to haul the cement 190 kilometers from Danyang to Dangje by
truck. As we were frantically running around like madmen, the Ministry
of Construction kept pestering me to hold an opening ceremony.
They sent down the head of the Finance Department, the head of the
Planning Department, and the head of construction. They sent down
every official they could find, and every single one of them would grill
me. They all asked the same question: “How’s the work going? Will it
be ready in time for the opening ceremony?”
‘The site manager roared back that construction would finish ahead
of schedule. He told me not to worry and schedule the opening ceremony.
But there was no time to lose. As the high-strength cement started
coming in, the number of work crews increased from two to six, so
there were a total of more than 500 men working on getting the project
finished. Scurrying around the mouth of the tunnel, the workers looked
like ants on an anthill.
Thanks to the high-strength cement, work that would have taken
90 days was completed in 25 days. On June 27, 1970, at 11 p.m., the
Dangje tunnel opened with great fanfare. On July 7, the Gyeongbu
Expressway opening ceremony was held on schedule.
This was an achievement of historic proportions made possible by
the hard work and energy of everyone who worked on the project.
Chapter 3: My Construction Business | 101
( seu yeongpD} u iEex pe I re essw1a y. ,
| Aer Re Capita Un [meee
iam a pulider
Most Korean businesses were founded after independence in 1945.
Companies like Kyungbang Co., Ltd., existed during the Japanese
colonial period, but they were subordinate to Japanese colonial power,
and not Korean businesses per se.
The same was true of the construction industry. A man named Mr.
Oh ran a company during Japanese colonial rule, but all he did was
102 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
subcontracting for Japanese business people without the approval of the
colonial regime. When Japanese construction companies opened offices
in Korea and started building the Supung Dam, the Cheongpyeong
hydroelectric power plant, steel mills, railways, and port facilities, Korean
laborers were mobilized, but that was about it.
It was only after the country regained its independence that
Korean businesses began to emerge. It was natural that the construction
industry attracted the most aspiring entrepreneurs. Most countries that
became independent after World War II didn’t manage to create their
own construction industry and instead allowed companies from developed
countries to take charge of everything. Even now, countries in South
America, the Middle East, and Southeast Asia give work to foreign
construction companies. Unlike them, we do everything domestically.
We built our own railways, ports, highways, bridges, and hospitals.
Even with new projects where we had to receive the help of foreign
companies, we somehow found a way to make ourselves useful. Slowly
but surely, we were able to expand our capabilities by domesticizing
construction projects and finally drove out foreign competition completely.
Localized technologies and domestic experience allowed us to become
a force in our own right in foreign markets. Then the lessons learned
abroad were brought back to Korea. Today, most construction is done by
Korean companies, except for tasks that require highly specialized skills.
In no developed country can you find a case like ours where
construction has had such an impact on the economy. I am incredibly
proud of the fact that our construction industry has led us through
unprecedented transformation from poverty to where we are today.
In the late 1970s, even a World Bank report pointed out that Korea’s
economic development was made possible by leaders in the construction
industry.
I believe there is nothing more important and nothing more difficult
than working in construction. Construction’s role is truly enormous
Chapter 3: My Construction Business | 103
and tremendously important for the nation’s economy. Construction
companies build all kinds of infrastructure. They also contribute to
the production of food, clothing, and shelter. Construction may seem
easy because buildings are built so fast in Korea. But the process of
securing a contract and completing a project is as difficult as starting a
completely new company from scratch.
Competition for contracts is incredibly tough. Korean companies
don't have a long track record, so beating companies from developed
countries is no easy feat. Even after winning the bid, securing a loan from
the government is a nightmare.
On top of that, overseas construction has its own difficulties. We
must understand local culture, habits, language, and law. Good relations
with people and the government are essential, and the project must
follow the plan regardless of the weather or the environment. We start
by getting to know the engineers and the people we are working with—
they often have a different way of working and a different way of seeing
things.
There is always plenty to do at this point: materials to obtain,
technical issues to deal with, etc. But what’s most important is to motivate
the engineers and laborers. They have no stake in the company’s future,
and their stint with us ends when the project ends. It is important that
they feel like they are invested in the project. It is a difficult task to
complete construction safely and quickly while keeping our local
contractors motivated.
Projects such as ports, dams, chemical facilities, and factories require
great precision and meticulous planning. This is why I think construction
needs great people. The people we send abroad can be trusted with
pretty much anything. You can see this with the leadership at Hyundai
who all first got their hands dirty on actual construction sites.
To succeed in the construction business, you need the knowledge,
skills, and courage of an adventurer. Hidden problems and dangers have
104 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
a habit of creeping up on you in this business and have caused many
great business people to fail. It is challenging but rewarding. I relish
beating the odds.
Now, I am a chairman of a multinational corporation. I have been
called “chairman” and “honorary chairman,” or just a plain “businessman.”
But I think of myself, first and foremost, as a builder. I have never lost
my sense of pride and confidence as a builder.
|
|
.
|
Chapter 4
The Hyundai Motor Company and
Hyundai Shipbuilding
“Tf there is one thing that I’ve learned,
it is that life is a constant struggle.” -
| Chapter 4 |
The Hyundai Motor Company and
Hyundai Shipbuilding
The Hyundai Motor Company gets its start
The automotive industry is a crucial indicator of a country’s economy.
It requires the concentration of capital and technology, and making a
finished car involves more than 30,000 parts and components. Hence,
the car industry not only stimulates the economy by providing jobs, but
also produces ripples throughout all other industries.
The first five-year economic plan was a great success with the annual
average growth rate reaching 8.5 percent, far exceeding the original
target. This led to a tremendous increase in freight transport volumes
within Korea, making the development of the country’s automotive
industry an absolute necessity. The government included goals for
developing it in the second five-year economic plan (1967-1971).
When I was young, I was the owner of an automobile repair shop
called Ado Service and also ran Hyundai Motor Service Center. In
December 1967,I finally achieved my long-term aspiration of producing
automobiles after the government granted me permission to start the
Hyundai Motor Company. At the time, Kia and Shinjin dominated
Chapter 4: The Hyundai Motor Company and Hyundai Shipbuilding | 107
Korea’s automobile market.
‘There were two differing points of view about Hyundai’s decision
to enter the automotive industry as a latecomer. There were bullish voices,
but also naysayers. The optimists argued that our company’s teamwork
and my leadership would end Shinjin’s and Kia’s dominanceT.he critics
pointed out that we had only just received our license to produce cars
and no one had any idea when our first car would come out. They first
wanted to see the quality of our cars before passing judgment.
These perspectives didn't concern me. I was sure that in the near
future, the Korean automobile sector would grow rapidly. And then, with
perfect timing, the World Bank released a report, which predicted that
there would be approximately 65,300 cars in South Korea by 1971. The
World Bank predicted that if the second five-year economic plan went
as scheduled, there would be a massive increase in demand for all types
of vehicles.
In April 1966, when a Ford team visited Korea to research the
market, Hyundai was not even on their contact list. To them, Hyundai
was just a construction company.
When I heard of Ford’s visit, I quickly called my younger brother
In-yung, who was in the U.S. negotiating a loan to finance the first
expansion of the Danyang Cement Plant. I told him that the loan for
Danyang could wait, and ordered him to negotiate an automobile assembly
technology contract with Ford. Even In-yung, familiar though he was with
my way of operating, was surprised. He asked me how he could possibly
sign a contract with a major foreign car company so quickly. I have a
blunt response in such situations to deter excuses: “Have you even tried?”
On that very day, In-yung conveyed to Ford’s Detroit headquarters
was an excellent car repair mechanic, that we would soon enter
the omotive industry, and that we wanted to forge a partnership with
Ford. old to the principle that when you need to partner with a foreign
firm, yoqmdo it with the industry leaders.
108 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
General Motors (GM) and Ford Motor Company were the two most
prominent companies in the automotive industry. In 1960, GM produced
approximately 3.6 million cars and Ford manufactured approximately 2.2
million cars, while Toyota and Nissan only made 155,000 cars combined.
Production wise, GM was clearly ahead of Ford, but I didn’t like the way
they handled their foreign-market partnerships. GM preferred buyouts
of partners, and if that was not possible, they would excessively interfere
with management.
I reject such arrangements. Even in an equally split joint venture,
the foreign company ends up assuming managerial control because of
their capital, technological capabilities, and management expertise. Under
such circumstances, even with my own company, I wouldn't be able to
produce or sell my own products the way I wanted to. To accede to a
foreign company dictating to me was an unacceptable insult.
Ford also preferred to create a subsidiary company when it entered
a foreign market, but Ford was much more flexible than GM, opening
room for negotiation.
Ford had already dispatched representatives to Korea and verified
the credit and capital of their potential partners. It was my understanding
that the companies Ford was considering were the Heunghwa Workshop,
Hwashin Industries, Dongshin Chemicals, and Kia Industries. In February
1967, Ford’s vice president of the international division and his team
came to Seoul with the results of a thorough credit check.
As I talked freely about automobile engine structure, transmissions,
brakes, and other car parts, they realized that I was not an ordinary
mechanic. The fact that the original three days of interviews were
completed in just two hours was a sign that they liked what they had heard.
After the interview, I drove them around and did my best to show
them that I was the right partner for them. When the negotiations
started, Ford seemed quite reluctant to give up managerial control. But
I held out. I would rather have given up working with Ford than concede
Chapter 4: The Hyundai Motor Company and Hyundai Shipbuilding | 109
to their demands.
Despite our repeated and rather unpleasant struggles, Ford announced
in May 1967 that they had decided to enter the Korean market and in
September decided to partner with us. By the end of October, we had
almost finalized an agreement.
On December 30, 1967, the name Hyundai Motor Co., Ltd. became
public.
However, I was uncomfortable using the name Hyundai Motor
Company (in English) for Korean customers. In-yung had chosen the
name. While I liked the fact that he had used an English name that
targeted international customers, exporting our cars was still years
away. First, we needed to target the domestic market, and since we are
Koreans and Koreans were the ones making the cars, I didn't think
it was necessary to use an English word. On that day, I decided to
reregister the Korean name as Hyundai Jadongcha (“car” or “automobile”
in Korean) Corporation, while keeping the name Hyundai Motor
Company for use overseas. The next day we turned in the forms for the
name change, but because it was December 31, the name did not get
registered until after the New Year’s holiday. On January 4, 1968, the
Hyundai Jadongcha Corporation was officially launched. To this day, I
still feel that the name change was the right decision.
Signing a contract for automobile assembly technology with Ford
was actually the easy part. What came next was harder. When looking
back on it now, I don’t think there was ever any other business in which
we experienced so many hardships.
There were natural disasters. Government policy was all over the
Customers demanded refunds on the first batch of cars. When I
bout all the ups and downs we experienced in the beginning, |
d that we have come so far. Se-yung, was in charge of the project,
particular, really went through a lot.
buying land for the car plant did not go smoothly.
110 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
As the rumor quickly spread that we would be building an automobile
plant, the price of land worth 220,000 won per acre would suddenly go
up to 300,000 won or even 400,000 won overnight. Prices were rising
so fast that landowners would tell my brother Se-yung they would sell
the land for 500,000 won per acre, but by the end of the day, they would
rescind the offer.
Real-estate brokers would plant fruit trees on previously unused
land to raise its value. A local whom we hired to convince others to sell
their land was beaten up and hospitalized. Passions were running so
high because the land set aside for the factory contained a 600-year-old
poplar tree, a shrine, and a well that the locals held sacred.
It was a frustrating situation. We made no progress in purchasing
land. To make matters worse, on July 16, 1968, heavy rains hit South
Gyeongsang Province and drenched the 57 acres of farmland on which
we had been planning to build our factory.
The rain fell for three days and flooded the site, turning the ground
into mud. The villagers who had lost their homes and farms blamed
Hyundai for the damages and stormed into our Ulsan office with shovels
and axes. Their argument was that because we reclaimed so much land,
the distance from their farms to the sea had increased, causing drainage
problems.
Se-yung, came to see me. He told me that he had bowed his head
in front of the angry farmers and promised them that he would take
appropriate measures to deal with the flooding. I could clearly see how
Se-yung, who is a goodhearted gentleman, would have acted towards
the farmers. He told me that, even though the farmers were holding
axes and shovels, they didn't damage the office or act violently. He
told me that I should take responsibility for the villagers’ losses. His
argument was that, since the flooding had occurred due to Hyundai’s
land reclamation, and since I ordered the reclamation, I should be
prepared to take responsibility.
Chapter 4: The Hyundai Motor Company and Hyundai Shipbuilding | 111
I was ready. Every new challenge requires you to pay your dues.
A challenge without struggle is no challenge at all.
I called Kim Ki-wok, our director of public affairs, to Ulsan to help
settle the matter. Our recovery team worked with Ulsan City Hall and
the Ulsan Land Improvement Association. With their help, we tackled
the job of recovery and reached a compensation agreement with the
villagers. We promised the farmers 80 million won for their harvest losses.
After we concluded the compensation agreement, we refocused
our efforts on purchasing land. I ordered the managers to treat the
locals with respect and kindness while we finalized the deal. When
purchasing land, and even after the factory was built, it was important
to maintain good relations with the locals in order to avoid any potential
problems when hiring new workers or conducting future operations.
Good local relations are especially important when you expect to become
a permanent part of the community, as was the case with the Hyundai
Motor plant.
We told the locals that once the plant started running, Ulsan would
become more industrialized and the local standard of living would rise
because there would be more opportunities for employment. We also
promised jobs for their children. We even purchased their land at three
times the actual market value.We promised the eel fishermen a sufficient
amount in compensation. And we announced that we would listen to
the locals’ opinions on how to handle what they held to be sacred.
Through our sincerity, we were able to change the local people’s
opinion of Hyundai. They decided that Hyundai really was trying to
do its absolute best, and our efforts to convince them of our sincere
intentions slowly but surely helped mend fences.
By the end of 1968, we had purchased 58 acres at 1.07 million won
per acre. The plot was located at 700, Yangjeong-dong, Ulsan. Construction
began on March 20, 1968. Hyundai Construction was in charge of building
the factory, and Hyundai Motor was responsible for machinery and
112 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
other equipment. Se-yung lost his hair from the stress of simultaneously
managing the factory construction and machinery installation. I was
preoccupied at the expressway construction site and did not have time
to go check on progress in Ulsan.
Despite all these problems, I was determined that Hyundai's first car
would come out by November.
Our first car
In May, as factory construction was underway, Se-yung sent Kim Byoung-
chul, Lee Bun, Jang Hang-ryul, and Ha Sang-su to Ford’s Japanese
headquarters to learn about after-sales service. He sent Hong Suk-eui
and Yim Man-sup to Australia to learn about production. He also sent
many others to Ford dealerships in major cities in the U.S. such as Boston,
Chicago, and New York to learn salesmanship and sent Lee Sung-bok
to learn the car painting process.
From the start, Se-yung consistently argued that without technical
transfers from developed countries, we would never become competitive
in the automotive industry. Thus, even when he hired new workers, he
preferred fluent English speakers. We clashed because I wanted people
that took initiative and were driven, rather than just those who were fluent
in English. However, I accepted my brother’s decision and sent our
workers to receive training abroad, while the other leading automotive
companies in Korea had not even thought of it. In the long run, his
decision turned out to be the right one.
At the time, because our workers at the expressway and the
automobile factory construction sites worked so diligently, they didn’t
even have time to wash up or shave. They forgot what they looked like
and didn’t know how their faces were changing. They didn’t even have time
to check the calendar. To this day, many still tell me that they only knew
it was spring when the flowers bloomed, autumn when the leaves fell,
Chapter 4: The Hyundai Motor Company and Hyundai Shipbuilding | 113
and winter when it snowed. I even heard many of them say that all they
wanted at the time was to take their shoes off and get some proper sleep.
Se-yung needed to make sure that Hyundai’s first car, the Cortina,
came off the assembly line by November, even though the factory wasn't
completed. So he practically lived with the engineers and spent every
hour of the day in workman's overalls on the assembly line. On the first
day of November, he showed up at the expressway construction site
driving our very first Cortina.
Hyundai Cortina assembly line.
Hyundai had turned out its first car just six months after breaking
ground on the factory.
There were no words that could describe how proud I was. All I
could muster were the words, “Good job.” Not being able to say words
114 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
of praise or encouragement is one of my many flaws.
With the Cortinas being produced on schedule, we had high hopes.
Unfortunately, however, the car didn't sell well. There were several reasons
why: 1) debt caused by our first installment payment plan; 2) inadequate
after-sales service; 3) bad marketing; 4) bad road conditions; 5) the
economic downturn; and 6) a malicious rumor that our car was inferior
to Shinjin’s Corona. The most important reason behind the Cortina’s
poor sales was Korea’s many unpaved roads. This was also the conclusion
reached by Ford’s investigation team.
I was upset that Ford made us assemble the Cortina as our first car
having not even considered the state of Korea’s-road network, but there
was nothing that could be done about it.
The Cortina soon became a laughingstock. Jokes like “If it stops,
it’s a Cortina’ or “Cortina, the car that you need to push” made the rounds.
Later it got even worse, and people started calling it co-pi-na (which
means “bloody nose”), co-chi-na (which means “it’s a lemon”), and co/-
chi-na (which means “it’s a headache”).
In one instance, one hundred angry taxi drivers came to our Busan
dealership in their Cortina taxis. As a sign of protest, they all honked
their horns and demanded a refund. The demand for refunds spread
like wildfire across the country. Ultimately, the Cortina gave Hyundai
Motor a bad reputation for producing jalopies, and our failure caused
serious managerial problems.
On top of all of these problems, the government was planning on
changing its automotive industry policies. President Park wanted to
make one single Korean model car with only Korean parts.
Up until that point, companies had been working with U.S., Japan,
France, partners due to the government’s three-source policy. The new
policy completely disregarded this fact and thus was impossible to
implement. In particular, our novice engineers barely had the skills
needed for one model of car. They of all people needed diversification
Chapter 4: The Hyundai Motor Company and Hyundai Shipbuilding | 115
of their skill set, but the government’s new policy was going to set us
back to square one. The policy was more than just impractical; it was
downright foolish.
However, then as now, no amount of complaining on the part of
business could change government policy. The government’s power was
so great that even if their ideas were unfeasible, companies had no choice
but to comply. Only one company was going to be selected for production
and the others were going to be forced to close. Under these distressing
circumstances, a natural disaster befell us once again in the middle of
September 1969.
Our bad luck continued as an unprecedented flood in Ulsan hit
Hyundai Motor. Heavy rain poured down all across the southern part
of the Korean Peninsula, taking a devastating toll on property and human
lives. The Ulsan and Ulju area received the heaviest rainfall recorded in
120 years. 450 millimeters of rain swelled the Taehwa River, which
flooded the streets in the lowlands.
Because of the flooding, more than 300 workers were trapped in
our factory. Ihe rain drenched the workers’ housing and eventually
flooded the factory. Workers who were trying to move important
components away from the floodwater had to run for the safety of
higher ground. More than eight acres of the factory were submerged in
1.2 meters of rainwater. The heaviest components were covered in mud,
while the lighter ones were lost, swept away by the flood, and assembled
Cortinas floated around in the final inspection area.
It took us two days to shovel all the mud out and four days to restart
the production line. We searched for components that were usable with
some repairs and set aside some others for after-sales inventory. We were
able to salvage a limited number of engines for assembly. But rumors
spread that Hyundai was selling waterlogged Cortinas, which further
negatively affected our sales. Because of the flood, not only did we lose
money, but also lost our reputation. We lost the trust of the public.
116 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
In December 1969, the Ministry of Trade and Industry announced
a three-year plan for creating a “people’s” car, one made fully out of
domestically produced components. In 1970, the government banned
Shinjin from making its four-cylinder Crown, the Publica, gasoline buses,
and seven other cars. They pressured Shinjin to manufacture only a few
standard cars. The government believed that creating an engine factory
and a chassis-press factory would stimulate the “domesticization” process.
As if that was not shocking enough, just two months later, the
Ministry of Trade and Industry announced the policy of unifying engine
production. Out of the four companies (Hyundai, Shinjin, Asia, and
Kia) the government was planning on giving the license to the first
company that satisfied its requirements. Basically, the government was
planning on eliminating three of the four companies. They announced
they would receive business plans until March 15, evaluate them, and
then select one. There was only one way to survive. We needed to partner
with Ford at all costs and get the engine factory permit for ourselves.
Despite our dire situation, we made no progress in negotiating with
Ford. Our side offered a 50:50 partnership, which was a hard compromise
to make, especially since this would be a joint venture in our own country.
In principle, if we wanted to be the owners, the ratio should have been
at least 51:49, but under the circumstances, this was not important. I
tried to assuage my misgivings with the fact that the factory was being
built in Korea, so it would belong to Korea.
However, Ford coldly refused our offer. They would stop at nothing
to get more than 50 percent. At the time, the negotiations were being
handled by a team from Ford. Later, Robert Stephens, Ford’s president in
charge of international operations, flew in from the States and took charge.
‘The terms he laid out were even more outrageous. He suggested
that Ford absorb Hyundai Motor and create a new company. He tried to
persuade us that as part of Ford, we would not only make engines, but
also manufacture every Car component. He was planning ona permanent
Chapter 4: The Hyundai Motor Company and Hyundai Shipbuilding | 117
presence for Ford in Korea and on taking over our company. When I first
heard this news in Seoul, I was enraged.
I snapped. I said, “T'll never take down a single Hyundai sign with
my own hands. Even if a business is struggling and everything seems
hopeless, I will make it work. Not once have I ever packed up and quit
halfway through. If I start something, I’m going to see it through. I
dont care if it’s struggling right now or if it’s not making any profit.
Quitting is not in my dictionary. It’s never going to happen.”
This is my principle, my pride, and the way I run my businesses. I
hammered this point home: under no condition and for no amount of
money was I ever going take down Hyundai’s sign.
Prior to the implementation of the engine unification policy, rumors
and speculation were rampant that Shinjin would be selected to be the
sole operator, owner, and builder of the putative sole Korean engine
factory. Both the media and government were backing Shinjin.
Shinjin announced a partnership with Toyota, which was eager to
enter the Korean market, and announced that they would invest five
billion won each. Out of the four, Kia was about to give up, and we were
expected to be next in line.
On top of our disastrously poor sales, the flood, and the Cortina’s
shattered reputation, we were almost bankrupt and our plans for a
partnership deal were going nowhere. There seemed to be no hope, and
we could do nothing about it.
I requested a meeting with President Park and went to the Blue
House. At the time, his gravest concern was whether the expressway
would be finished on schedule. Even at that meeting, our conversation
started with, “Is the expressway going to be completed on time?”I
immediately got straight to the point and said, “The construction is going
fine, but our automobile business is in trouble.” Unless he summoned
me, President Park wasn’t someone that I could ask to meet whenever
I wanted to. He was startled because, in briefings by his staff, he had
118 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
always been told that the automotive industry was doing great.
Here is what I told the president.
“The three-year plan to produce all components domestically was
not feasible and does not reflect the reality of the industry. It is no
exaggeration to say that the engine is the heart of the car and the essence
of car technology. If engines were produced domestically, it would just
be a matter of time before all the other parts would follow. But as
important as the engine is, the government’s sudden decision to allow
only one company to produce one type of engine is shocking. The
company with access to the best technology, foreign capital, and marketing
skills will be selected to construct the engine factory. That means that
foreign partnerships will be critical.
“But when we create foreign partnerships from a position of weakness,
inevitably, the foreign company takes advantage of us. How are we
supposed to fully domesticize our cars under such circumstances? Even
the United States, the ‘kingdoomf cars, enjoys that status today because
the Big Three (GM, Ford, and Chrysler) continuously developed through
competition. In the case of Ford, since it was established in 1903, it has
invested millions of dollars every year to catch up with GM. On the
other hand, GM is also investing tremendous amounts of money not
just to maintain its lead, but to further advance it. In our case, however,
we are going to eliminate competition and create a monopoly. This is
just plain foolishness.
“Running alone in a marathon will slow you down: if there is no
competition, you don’t need to improve the quality of your product, and
there’s also no pressure to shorten production times. A company without
competitors is not going to grow, and it will eventually turn into a
stagnant, bankrupt company, just like the ones operated by communist
states. Competition is at the heart of capitalism and is the only way
to grow.”
President Park replied, “We tried to let the four companies compete
Chapter 4: The Hyundai Motor Company and Hyundai Shipbuilding | 119
with each other, but it didn’t lead to any progress in the direction of
greater domesticization of the industry.”
Then I told him, “That isn’t true. According to the Ministry of Trade
and Industry, from the May 16 coup until 1967, only 21 percent of the
parts. used in cars made by Shinjin, which enjoyed a monopoly with
strong government support, were domestically made. But after Hyundai,
Kia, and Asia entered the market, 38 percent of the parts used to make
Shinjin cars were produced domestically. Within less than two years,
domesticization has been increased by 17 percentage points. This was all
the result of free market competition.” President Park’s face hardened
and he started to smoke.
I raised another point about giving priority to companies that seek
partnerships with foreign companies. “Such partnerships are beneficial
because they allow us to learn about foreign technologies and gain
entry into new markets. But no company in this world is going to invest
its money without expecting something in return. Foreign companies
wont just hand over their technology, they are going to want to have
control over management. How are we supposed to domestically produce
our cars in the shadow of such partners? It is true that without joint
ventures, it will be difficult for a country like ours, which lacks technology
and capital, to make its own car. But, the three-year plan is too hasty.
If we decrease our dependency on foreign partnerships and the four
companies compete for a longer period of time, I think the capabilities
required to manufacture cars with domestic parts and components alone
are not far off.”
Finally, President Park nodded in agreement. ‘The fallout from my
meeting with President Park became apparent shortly after our meeting.
Word spread that the Ministry of Trade and Industry was drawing up a
new policy, with an adjustment of the relative levels of domesticization
required for the automotive industry.
On April 17, 1970, Zhou Enlai, the first Premier of the People’s
120 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
Republic of China, announced his “Four Principles.” One of the main
points of the Four Principles was that China would no longer trade with
countries trading with South Korea and the United States. As troubling
as this was, it didn’t really have any effect on us at the time.
However, Shinjin suffered an unexpected blow. At the time, Shinjin
had already signed a technical partnership with Toyota. They were also
negotiating a partnership for the construction of an engine plant. But
in December 1970, Toyota officially announced that it was going to
renegotiate everything from scratch. This was the result of a strategic
calculation made by Toyota in response to Zhou’s Four Principles. At the
time, China and Japan were about to normalize relations. Even though
Toyota knew it would be difficult to trade with China right away, the
company was fully aware of the Chinese market’s potential and China’s
influence in Southeast Asia.
Toyota then changed their previous position and announced that
they would only build a factory with a capacity of 2,000 engines a month.
Their position continued to change. In the end, they reneged on all
prior partnership plans, abandoning Shinjin and choosing China.
As part of its directive to protect and develop the automotive
industry, the Korean government ordered that 80 percent of the parts
and components of all cars be made domestically by 1975. The directive
also ordered the industry to focus on creating compact cars suitable for
the domestic market and prohibited imports of competing cars. The
previous directive that called for combining into one all the engine
casting factories was abandoned.
November 30, 1970.
While Shinjin reeled, we had finally secured a 50:50 deal with Ford.
‘The terms of the contracts were not bad. The contract prohibited either
party from taking unilateral control of the company. Since building
an engine factory was a high-tech operation, we needed technical and
financial personnel. Thus, Ford’s staff filled technical and financial
Chapter 4: The Hyundai Motor Company and Hyundai Shipbuilding | 121
executive positions, but all other positions were filled by Hyundai’s staff.
Furthermore, Ford guaranteed repayment for half of the $34 million
long-term loan needed for the new company. The deal was unprecedented.
While Zhou’s Four Principles meant that Ford as an American
company could not enter the Chinese market, their sudden willingness
to sign a deal with us still came as a surprise.
On December 28, the Foreign Capital Inducement Deliberation
Committee announced that Hyundai should be given permission to
receive $9 million in foreign investment to build a car engine plant
and with this, Hyundai became the only firm to receive government
permission for such a project.
Despite the government’s announcement, Hyundai Motor simply
had no capital. We were constantly fighting off bankruptcy. It was
common for us not to be able to pay our workers their monthly salaries.
My brother and other executives went from bank to bank asking for loans
until the soles of their shoes wore out. Newspaper reports also claimed
that we were behind in paying taxes. There was a humiliating rumor of
another competing company president boasting that he would take over
Hyundai Motor. In spite of it all, I felt that the government granting
the engine factory license was a harbinger of good things to come.
But we werent in the clear just yet.
From the day we signed the contract, the next two years were a
constant struggle in which we couldn't find common ground with Ford.
In regard to capital, sales, finance, and exports, neither of the two of us
would yield. It was a critical mistake to think that Ford’s change of
attitude was benign.
First off, Ford demanded that we retain sufficient cash reserves to
finance sales. In order to sell a lot of cars, long installment plans were a
prerequisite, but they questioned whether Hyundai had enough capital
to back up the installment plans. Because more than half of the total
sales of cars were on monthly installment plans, the auto industry required
122 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
at least twice as much capital as other formers of manufacturing. The
amount of cash Ford demanded be retained was approximately $12
million. On the basis of total sales after 1971, we needed to show Ford
that we had at least $10 million in order for us to start selling cars on
installment plans.
Ford’s demand was nearly impossible to fulfill given Korea’s economic
position at the time. The government had to step in to partially support
the investment, and the rest would have to be made up from bank loans.
But we couldn't make it happen. Where would a developing country,
which lacked cash to develop its own economy, have the capital for cars,
an industry dependent on consumer credit? According to our bank laws,
we were also not allowed to operate a sales finance company. The only
option was to get loans from abroad. But Ford shot that idea down as
well. They would not allow Hyundai to obtain capital from abroad to
finance domestic sales.
At first, I thought this was simply a tactic Ford was using to get a
better bargaining position, but that wasn't it. They insisted on this to
the end, saying that it would be sufficient grounds for dissolving the
partnership. Hyundai was already struggling with private loans, but
eventually, through some frantic efforts on my part, we were able to get a
repayment guarantee worth $20 million, which was $8 million more than
what they needed. But even with the money right in front of them, the
Ford people didn’t trust us and sent another investigation team to check
that our credit was valid. Se-yung made our case to Ford headquarters
and managed to get Ford to back down and apologize. That was nothing
compared to what happened next.
The biggest problems we had with Ford were the restrictions they
put on our exports and our sales strategy. Our initial plan when we first
made the joint-venture agreement was to build cheap compact cars and
export them through Ford’s global sales network. But this was a non-
starter with Ford’s executives. They argued that Ford’s global market was
Chapter 4: The Hyundai Motor Company and Hyundai Shipbuilding | 123
Ford’s. Neither Hyundai nor anyone else had a claim on it. They even
refused to export the Cortinas we had already made.
Ford partnered with us to take over the Korean market and had no
intention of evenly sharing the profits from the joint venture. Ford’s Pan-
Asiatic plan was also a trap to create a multinational component exchange
system. Our joint venture was just another part of this grand scheme.
Simply put, Ford was planning on using Hyundai as a subcontractor.
There was no way I was about to let that happen. I could see that
Ford had no intention of investing equally and sharing the profits with
a small, poor company like ours. Their real intention was to maintain our
prior technical agreement and sell their products without taking any
risks, turning us into a subcontractor making parts with cheap labor.
Who would allow themselves to be duped like that? I couldn't
allow Ford to do this. The joint venture was simply not working. I had
Se-yung immediately draw up a plan to build cars with 100 percent
Korean-made parts and components. And in January 1973, our joint
venture came to an end.
While we terminated our relationship with Ford, Shinjin signed
a joint-venture deal with GM in March 1972. It was called General
Motors Korea (GMK). Our joint venture had turned into a mock
funeral, but GMK started to pour a ton of cash into Incheon and
Bupyeong. The company announced that it would manufacture 50,000
cars a year, sell 20,000 of them domestically, and export the remaining
30,000 cars through GMs sales network. I couldn't believe what I was
hearing.
One day, Se-yung drove all the way from Ulsan to the expressway
construction site to see me. He told me that we shouldn't undertake
any more joint ventures because they only benefit the foreign partner.
Instead, we should make compact cars that would be suited to Korea’s
landscape and road conditions.
He said that it would be difficult to develop the car all on our own,
124 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
because our technology was outdated and we would have trouble buying
components. He added, “If we can get over the initial hump, we could
potentially make a huge breakthrough on the engineering side of things
and later on start exporting. If we help subcontractors develop, it is going
to revitalize small and medium-sized businesses, and that will be great
for the country’s economy.”
I replied, “The problem is the engine. What are you going to do
about the engine?”
He told me that that was why he had come to see me. He asked me
which company I preferred, Mitsubishi or Nissan. I picked Mitsubishi.
Mitsubishi was the company that had wanted to enter into a joint
venture with Shinjin but was pushed aside in favor of its competitor,
Toyota. Mitsubishi was anxious about its failure to break into the Korean
market. Perhaps that’s why the negotiations with Mitsubishi were so
much quicker than they had been with Ford. On September 20, we
signed a technical agreement with Mitsubishi for gasoline transmissions
and rear axles. We also began working on a propesal to build a factory
for presses, molds, and engines.
Se-yung outsourced styling and design to ItalDesign, an Italian
planning and design firm, for $1.2 million. He also brought in the
number-one designer of European cars, Giorgetto Giugiaro, to design a
futuristic car for Korea, as well as a model that we would later be able
to export. Se-yung flew to England to find a specialist in automobile
factory construction and brought George Turnbull back with him, who
had recently resigned from the presidency of British Leyland Motor
Corp. Turnbull had left because of a dispute with the company’s chairman
over the development of a new car. My brother convinced Turnbull to
sign a technical agreement for engines, accelerators, transmissions, and
the production of other important car parts.
In July 1974, we poured $100 million into car manufacturing and
built a factory to produce domestically made cars. The new factory would
Chapter 4: The Hyundai Motor Company and Hyundai Shipbuilding | 125
be capable of producing 56,000 cars annually. After a year and half, in
January 1976, our own first model, the Pony, hit the streets.
Chung Ju-yung viewing a Hyundai Pony and the model of aH yundai ship on display
at COEX exhibition in the early 1980s.
I didn’t like the car. It looked like a chicken that had lost its tail.
But what do I know? Even before it came off the assembly line, the
Pony’s popularity had already gone through the roof. 228 dealerships in
62 countries wanted to import it. The Pony, which incorporated the
Mitsubishi Saturn's four-cylinder, 1,238-cc, 80-horsepower engine, was
designed to be fuel-efficient, in light of the 1973 oil crisis.
Building Korea’s first domestically produced car was one of the
biggest challenges I’ve ever faced. Even with the success of the Pony, Se-
yung and I endured indescribable hardships and unrelenting pressure.
Formed in 1967, Hyundai Motor is now 30 years old. Twenty years
have passed since our first 100-percent domestically made car, the Pony,
made its debut. Now Hyundai Motor is one of the most important
companies in the Hyundai Group. This stems from Hyundai's origins
as car repair shop and our tireless efforts to make it a success. It has a
bright future. Construction emerged as Hyundai’s core business because
126 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
of the inherent economies of scale that result in big contracts and yield
great returns. But, in the long run, I believe it is automobiles that will
become Hyundai’s greatest success story.
The wealth of nations has a lot to do with its transportation system.
From the horse-riding nomads of the distant past to seafaring British
colonialists to today’s American car owners, a people’s ability to harness
the most advanced form of transport is key to obtaining a high degree
of technological sophistication in other industries. A nation that can
build cars can also build airplanes or pretty much anything else.
Like flags, cars are a symbol of the nation. Wherever our cars are
exported, people in other countries can see that we are capable of
making cars on our own. They then know that we are capable of making
other great products. Thus, the nation’s reputation improves. I have
never given up on the idea of building a fully domesticized car. I have
invested a tremendous amount of money and effort because | believe
that if we can produce all automobile parts Comestically, Korea’s machine
tool industry will develop in tandem. This was my way of contributing
to the development of my country.
It would have been understandable if the U.S., with its abundant
resources; Japan, which can compete without new investment; and
Europe, which in its own right has a large market share in compact cars,
had taken us for granted. But more than 10 years ago, I quietly warned
them of the coming competition. The time was ripe to surprise them.
I know there are many who questioned whether Hyundai could
carve a place for itself in the competitive global car market. On paper,
as well as in reality, the obstacles were daunting. Korea’s auto industry
had limited capacity for growth and the quota systems of developed
countries were strict. There really were some big challenges.
But Hyundai had unparalleled foresight, determination, and
potential. Hyundai Construction jumped into foreign markets with little
to no knowledge of the weather, culture, tariff systems, legal systems,
Chapter 4: The Hyundai Motor Company and Hyundai Shipbuilding | 127
or anything else that we would face.
It was bold, bordering on reckless to some, but we not only survived,
we prospered. Through such searing experiences, we grew stronger
and wiser. There is a saying in Daehak, one of the “Four Books” of
Confucianism, that true knowledge can only be acquired through direct
experience.
It is much harder for a poor man to become rich than for a rich
man to become richer. South Korea had no resources that would
help us catch up to advanced nations. We only had the strength and
determination of our people. The poor man has to work 10 to 20 times
harder than the rich man. With sheer force of will, we made it. Hyundai
is living testimony of what hard work can do.
I hoped we could compete in the car component industry. We
werent in a position to shake up what was an established industry
dominated by manufacturers in developed countries. But there were
markets throughout the world where we could gain a foothold through
hard work. I believed we could do it. I knew this because we had, and
still have, the most powerful weapon in the world: the most tenacious
and resilient workers.
In the past, the Korean people blamed themselves for their poverty
and hardship. This was self-defeating. And it was wrong. There are no
people greater than us. Korean workers are the very ones that made
Korea a world leader in construction. It was our politicians that held
us back. Our industry lagged behind, not because our workers were
unskilled but because executives, managers, and engineers lagged behind.
Thanks to the outstanding workers and their dedication, Ia m confident
that Korea’s cars will dominate the world one day.
By the first half of 1997, Hyundai Motor manufactured 10.7 million
units, 4.5 million of which were exported.
128 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
Dreaming of a shipyard
It is widely believed that the central government chose Hyundai to build
the Ulsan shipyard as part of its plan for the development of heavy and
chemical industry. This story is only partially true.
Someone once told me that, according to my Western astrological
sign, I have traits that might be considered hopelessly absent minded.
People born under this sign are deemed scatter brained, unable to keep
their thoughts focused for long. For example, such a person might playfully
toss his child up in the air, and then in the split second while the child
is falling, become distracted by a new idea and rush off. Of course, the
falling child would be forgotten.
I chuckled when I heard this because that description fits me to a
tee. If I’m not sleeping, I’m thinking. My thoughts are not the result of
a conscious decision to think. They iust come to me in a successive
stream of thoughts, all connected and flowing into each other.
Like all business people, a great idea starts with one single thought.
When a small idea the size of a grain of rice is implanted in my mind,
I nurture it until it grows into a major project that I can visualize in my
head. That is a specialty of mine.
I don't just cultivate one seed but plant multiple seeds. As they
grow, I carefully consider my options before selecting a seed or two
to cultivate. For example, when I was doing construction work for the
U.S. Army, I was also thinking about how critical it was to get Korean
government construction contracts and expand into overseas markets.
The desire for newer and bigger projects is the very source of
energy for business people. All business people want the company they
built with their own hands to last forever. 1, more than anyone, dream
of a Hyundai that will remain immortal. To make this wish come true,
I have always lived large, doing things in a big way and pursuing ever
bigger projects.
Chapter 4: The Hyundai Motor Company and Hyundai Shipbuilding | 129
I’m not exactly sure when the idea of building a shipyard first took
hold. In any event, I’m sure it was in the early 1960s that this dream of a
shipyard to be built in the not-too-distant future was planted in my mind.
I shared this dream with current Hyundai Heavy Industry Chairman
Lee Chun-rim, who has been with us since his youth. Back in those early
days, during a business trip to Tokyo, we had toured the Yokohama,
Kawasaki, and Kobe shipyards for two days. According to his recollection,
after that 1966 business trip, I confided in him of my ambitious plans
to build Korea’s first shipyard.
Beginning with the Thai expressway construction project, we gained
invaluable experience and technological know-how from several overseas
projects. However, except the dredging project in Vietnam, these other
overseas endeavors were not profitable. Ihe many obstacles of overseas
construction, such as different regulations, cultural norms, and weather
conditions, were particularly difficult to overcome. Yet, since we had
already started expanding abroad, we just needed to keep looking for
overseas contracts. At the same time, I was also thinking of starting
major projects at home. Building a shipyard was one of the many ideas
I was playing around with.
Although the risks involved in the shipbuilding industry were
large, it was essential for Korea to build a shipyard. It would not only
generate employment opportunities, but, as an industry that makes use
of a broad range of machinery, it would also have ripple effects on related
businesses. Furthermore, in the 1960s, our country desperately needed to
attract foreign currency. Though overseas construction projects generated
some foreign currency, the profit margins were too small relative to the
huge risks involved.
Building ships in Korea would have been the ideal way to earn
foreign currency. However, considering our country’s limited capacity
and Hyundai’s equally constrained status, it was premature to build the
shipyard that I coveted. I had no choice but to wait for the right time.
130 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
Then that moment arrived.
As part of its second five-year economic plan, the government
announced its intent to develop the steel, heavy machinery, chemical,
and shipping industries. In order to consume the massive amount of
steel that was already being produced by the Pohang Iron and Steel
Company (now known as POSCO), the late Vice-Prime Minister Kim
Hak-ryul*® suggested that Hyundai build a shipyard. It was rumored
that he extended this proposal to me after Samsung had rebuffed his
initial overtures.
I had my own ideas, so at first, Ip retended to ignore his suggestion.
But soon his tone became aggressive, with suggestions turning into
direct requests, and requests into uncomfortable demands. Since I had
already been nurturing dreams of building a shipyard, the government’s
strong determination gave fresh fuel to my dreams.
“The government really seems to want this...”
So I told the authorities that I would give it a shot and immediately
left the country to secure foreign loans. | first went to the U.S. and then
Japan. When I explained what we were trying to do, they thought I was
crazy. They said that Korea was underdeveloped and had no capacity to
build ships. In Japan, we negotiated with Mitsubishi Shipping, but they
canceled a subsequent meeting in Tokyo because of Zhou Enlai’s Four
Principles. Mitsubishi was planning to export to China in the near
future, but would have been barred from doing so if they had a contract
with Hyundai.
Japan’s Ministry of International Trade and Industry also put a
hold on our proposed partnershiTph.ey conducted an evaluation of our
proposal and concluded that our technology was too primitive, and our
marketability limited because we couldn't build ships over 50,000 tons.
Thus, producing large ships over 200,000 tons was impossible. To be
honest, their evaluation was not far off the mark: the largest ship built
by the Korea Shipbuilding Corporation was only a 17,000 tonner that
Chapter 4: The Hyundai Motor Company and Hyundai Shipbuilding | 131
had been ordered by a U.S. shipping company.
Sometimes in life, what appears to be a curse turns out to be a
blessing in disguise. If Zhou’s Four Principles had not been promulgated,
we might have partnered with Mitsubishi, and our chances of developing
an indigenous shipbuilding industry would have been lost forever.
Our initial plan was to build 500,000 ton ships. We needed a dry
dock that could accommodate a ship of that size, a 900-meter long
construction berth, numerous pieces of heavy equipment, and other
machinery to make this possible. We needed to secure an $80 million
loan to purchase the machinery and equipment to build the shipyard.
We explored every venue to secure loans, but there was simply no
hope. Concluding that I could do no more, I told Kim Hak-yul, “I’ve
tried everything. But no country is willing to give us loans. We have to
give up.” Hearing this, the color drained from his face.
The president would not have been surprised if someone else had
failed, but because it was me, Chung Ju-yung, he had really believed the
shipyard would be built, and had been telling people this. Intimidated
by the prospect of informing the president himself, he asked me to come
with him. I agreed.
A few days later, Kim told me that he had scheduled an appointment
with the president. At the Blue House, I told President Park: “I’ve gone
everywhere, but the Japanese and the Americans wouldn't even lift a
finger. They mocked us. They belittled our primitive technology. They
said things like “You build ships that weigh several hundred thousand
tons?’ It just can't be done, sir.”
Upon hearing my words, the president turned away from me
and only looked to Vice-Prime Minister Kim as he said, “Reject all of
Chairman Chung’s business proposals going forward. Make sure the
government never does any business with him again!” Then he clamped
his mouth shut and just sat there without saying another word. Even if
I had something to say, the atmosphere told me not to. I sat quietly and
132 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
waited for the president to say something.
The silence hung heavily over us for a long time. Finally, the
president started to smoke a cigarette and offered me one too. How
could I have told the president in that situation that I don’t smoke? | sat
there puffing away on that cigarette for what seemed like a long time
when the president finally broke his silence.
“Chairman Chung, a country’s president and vice-prime minister
for economics promised you their full support, and your'e just rolling
over and giving up? Did you think it was going to be easy when you
first said you are going to do this? You knew it was going to be difficult,
no? If you already considered all of this and still went forward, then you
need to do it. No matter what. You've only tried once, and you're telling
me you can't do it? Listen, this must be done! You've been to Japan and
the U.S., now go try Europe. We need to do it, no matter what, so get
on the next plane to Europe.”
His strong reaction gave me no other choice, I told him, “Yes, sir.
Pll try harder,” and left.
While leaving the Blue House, the president’s official residence, I
told myself that building the shipyard was a solemn duty that I couldn't
escape or be lax about. President Park had only one desire, and that was
our country’s development. His passion and determination to build the
shipyard moved me deeply. I vowed, “No matter what, I must do this.”
I was exhausted from going around asking for money. But from
that day on, I found new strength, ready to run again with renewed
determination.
In search of credit
In March 1970, Hyundai created a shipbuilding division. When I
announced that we would build a shipyard, the internal consensus in our
company was that we lacked experience and that building a shipyard
Chapter 4: The Hyundai Motor Company and Hyundai Shipbuilding | 133
was a pipe dream. But, I thought differently. The crux of the matter was
securing the loan. Once we got the loan, building a shipyard and ships
would not be difficult. What is a ship but a floating steel tank?
Though we lacked experience in shipbuilding, we had learned much
from our experience in other kinds of construction. We had confidence
with designing and welding steel structures, and installing internal
combustion engines was a breeze. I thought, “By thinking of ships as
just big water tanks, all we have to do is cut the steel according to
design and weld it together like we did when we built oil refineries. As
for the internal machinery, it would be akin to installing the heating
and cooling systems in the buildings we constructed.” I approached
building ships and shipyards, not as a shipbuilder, per se, but as a true
builder.
Because we had many highly skilled engineers with experience in
building many different kinds of plant, I really believed that no matter
how difficult building a ship may be, we would be able to do it. Another
reason I dreamt of building a shipyard was because the popular consensus
at the time considered shipbuilding and construction as related industries.
For instance, in Japan, shipbuilding companies were providing machinery
and electrical work that allowed construction companies to secure more
contracts. A Japanese shipbuilding company with annual sales of $200
million was making an additional $200 million by selling its excess steel.
Likewise, we would also be able to sell steel beams, build power lines,
steel towers, and bridges, and help further develop Hyundai’s plant
construction business.
I truly believed that construction of shipyards would become a
powerful driving force for Hyundai. Once I set my mind to a task, no
amount of naysaying will hold me back. The more people say I can't do
it, the more determined I am to prove them wrong. As a result, my desire
to succeed becomes that much more intense.
While we were searching for loans, we came across a Jewish man
134 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
named Merido. He was a business magnate who had previously arranged
numerous loans for our country but had ripped us off in the process. He
had become successful thanks to his resourcefulness and his exceptional
financial insights. When I met him in New York, he casually promised
to invest in Hyundai and arrange to secure buyers for every ship that we
made. In return, he wanted 10 percent of the profits from every ship sold.
In the Tojeong Bigyeol, an ancient Korean fortune-telling text, there
is a verse that says, “A nobleman will emerge from the East.” For Hyundai,
Merido was that “nobleman.” In his New York office, we agreed to a
contract in which he would arrange all the loans and line up buyers for
our ships. I requested that another clause be added at the end of the
contract: “If either party fails to fulfill the terms of this agreement, each
party shall bear the burden of their own losses, and neither party will
undertake litigation under any circumstances.”
I insisted on adding this clause because the terms and his promises
seemed too good to be true. Wouldn't it be disastrous if the “nobleman
from the East” was in fact the “bogeyman from the East?” My internal
red flags always go up when an offer seems too sweet. In life, as in
business, nothing is as perfect as it seems, especially when dealing with
a businessman notorious for being a smooth con artist.
When I insisted on including that clause, Merido shot me a look
of disdain, relaying his contempt that I dare impugn his integrity. As
proof, he showed me an article about him in a Norwegian magazine.
One of my Hyundai executives in the meeting told me that the article
portrayed Merido’s visits to Norway like “the sun rising over the eastern
sea.” Merido apparently purchased many ships from the Norwegian
shipyards and conducted frequent business in Norway with his own
stock of reefer ships.
Merido said, “Life is too short to be filing lawsuits. Let’s take this
clause out.”
I shot back, “It’s not a matter of litigation. It’s just a standard clause
Chapter 4: The Hyundai Motor Company and Hyundai Shipbuilding | 135
that we put in all our contracts. It’s nothing more than being prepared,
just in case things go wrong. It’s not that we don’t trust you. We have
no intention of ever charging you for our losses, so adding this clause
doesn't change a thing.”
We argued back and forth over the matter, but in the end, my
stubborn insistence in including the clause prevailed. As it turned out, this
was prescient. Because we had to sell our ships on the world market, an
experienced executive named Siem from Aker, a world-class shipbuilding
company, was recruited to head up the operation. However, as time
passed, we found that Siem was merely the figurehead. Merido was the
mastermind who secured loans and handled purchases.
We only found out later that, right from the start, Merido would
write a $10 million contract that was actually only worth $5 million, so
that he could pocket the remaining $5 million for himself. This was a
scheme commonly used by conglomerates in advanced countries to exploit
underdeveloped countries. Because we strongly objected to Merido’s
rogue style of purchasing new materials and equipment, we terminated
the contract.
Merido, who so eloquently professed that life was too short for
lawsuits, immediately sued us once we terminated the contract. However,
because I had insisted on including the clause—“neither party will
undertake litigation under any circumstance—sw”e didn't have to pay
him anything.
Even though we lost the contract with Merido, I drew a valuable
lesson from dealing with him. Merido was a well-connected insider
in the shipbuilding industry. I learned he worked hand in hand with
world-class loan brokers. These men also had a thorough knowledge of
the shipbuilding industry. They knew where the industry was heading.
They knew each company’s production capacity. They even had exact
information regarding how many ships each country was going to
purchase.
136 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
At that time, they also predicted that shipyards that could build
very large crude carriers (VLCC) were bound to be in high demand. In
fact,we later took their analysis into account when we built the Hyundai
Shipyard. Their ability to gather information was truly remarkable.
From Merido, I learned that industry intelligence plays a critical role
in developing a conglomerate.
After parting ways with Merido, we met a loan broker named
Davis, who participated in the Korean War as a U.S. Air Force pilot
and was currently a lawyer based in Frankfurt, Germany. When I went
to his office, I noticed right away that he had collected critical industry
intelligence worldwide, and realized once again that brokers such as
Davis shaped and influenced every development in these industries.
Davis was a man of exceptional intelligence and talent. It took him
only six months to solve the loan problems that we had been struggling
with for several years. In that short period of time, he helped us secure
loans from Barclays Bank in England and a Swiss Bank in Bonn. He
even had the foresight to analyze the personalities of the men who we
were set to negotiate with. If we met a certain person at a certain place
and spoke to him in a certain way, he advised, we would be able to
calculate the maximum amount of loans we would be able to secure.
Because everything happened like he said it would, I felt as though he
had prearranged everything.
With Davis’ help, we signed a technological cooperation contract
with Britain’s A&P Appledore and Scott Lithgow in September 1971.
Before we met with Appledore, we had been in contact with a Japanese
and an Israeli company. And we almost finalized a contract with West
Germany’s AG Weser, but we ultimately dropped the deal.
The reason we rejected AG Weser was because of time. The West
Germans said the blueprint of the shipyard would cost $5.8 million and
take 18 to 24 monthsT.h e cost wasn't the issue. Because of my impatient
nature, I couldn't wait that long.
Chapter 4: The Hyundai Motor Company and Hyundai Shipbuilding | 137
In contrast, A&P Appledore Engineering, the company Davis
introduced us to, was formed by passionate and talented young engineers.
They said, “Send a couple of Korean engineers who specialize in
machinery, construction, and civil engineering. We'll work with them
and give you a blueprint in six months.”
Impressed, I asked, “After you complete the blueprint, how are you
going to handle the technical issues?”
They offered to train Hyundai engineers for six months, twice a
year at Scott Lithgow’s shipyard in Glasgow, where they were building
a 270,000-ton oil tanker. In the first term, I sent Chun Gap-won, Lee
Chung-sang, and Kim Hyung-byeok to Scott Lithgow’s shipyard and
then in the second term sent Baek Chung-ki and another engineer.
After we finalized the technical deal, Ii mmediately went to London
to meet with A&P Appledore’s Chairman, Charles Longbottom, to
tackle our loan problem. I asked if there was a way I could attract
Barclays’ interest. Director Chung Hee-young had previously negotiated
with Barclays with no success. Chairman Longbottom’s reply was, “There
aren't any buyers yet. To be frank, it would be extremely difficult because
Korea’s ability to pay off its loans and its future earning potential are not
credible.” His answer was deflating.
All of a sudden, I remembered that I had a 500 won banknote in
my pocket, which featured a picture of Korea’s iconic turtle ship. I
unfolded the banknote on the table.
“Take a look at this. This is Korea’s magnificent turtle ship. We
made these as early as the 1500s and defeated the Japanese with them.
Because of our closed-door policy, national industrialization has lagged.
Yes, we may be a little rusty today, but our shipbuilding craftsmanship
remains formidable.”
Chairman Longbottom beamed and nodded in approval.
Thereafter, he penned a letter to Barclays recommending Hyundai
for a loan. In that letter, he explained Hyundai was constructing the
138 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
An aerial photo of the Mipo Bay site in Ulsan prior to the construction of
the Hyundai Shipyard.
Kori nuclear power plant and had abundant experience in constructing
power generators and oil refineries. Thus, Hyundai had more than enough
capacity to build large shipyards and large ships. We submitted a
blueprint to Barclays for a ship that the Scott Lithgow shipyard had
drawn up.
With Chairman Longbottom’ assistance, we started our negotiations
Chapter 4: The Hyundai Motor Company and Hyundai Shipbuilding | 139
with Barclays. Barclays first sent its investigators to Korea to inspect
the thermoelectric power plants, fertilizer factories, and the cement
factories that we had constructed. With proper training, Barclays
concluded, our engineers and staff would be able to build ships.
After another evaluation, Barclays’ vice president for overseas
affairs called to have lunch. At the center of global finance, London’s
banks are famous for being unbendingly conservative and adamant
about sticking to principles. Throughout the entire process of evaluation,
from gathering information, to field surveys, and continuous board
meetings, they saw any type of East Asian-style backroom dealing and
any political pressure as unbefitting of business. It was a rigorous test of
our corporate integrity. But the day before the lunch with them, rather
than anxiously idling away our time in the hotel, we set aside our
worries and went sightseeing. We visited Shakespeare’s birthplace,
Oxford University, and then saw Windsor Castle at sunset.
The next day, we were invited to an upscale restaurant for bank
executives. As soon as we sat down, the vice-president asked me,
“Chairman Chung, did you major in business or engineering?”
Thrown off for a second, but unruffled, I asked, “Did your bank see
the business plan that we submitted?”
pests
“Well, yesterday, I went to Oxford with that business plan and they
took one look at it and gave me a Ph.D. in business on the spot.”
The vice president roared with laughter but said in all seriousness,
“Even a person with a Ph.D. in business from Oxford wouldn't be able
to draft such a business plan. You are much smarter than they are. Are
you sure you didn’t major in humor? Our bank will send your good
humor along with your business plan to the Export Credits Guarantee
Department. Good luck.”
The lunch ended on a great note, but that didn’t mean the loan was
secured. [here were more obstacles to overcome.
140 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
When a British bank loans money to a foreign country, the bank
needs to get the loan insured by Britain’s Export Credits Guarantee
Department (ECGD). That way, if the borrower is unable to repay
the loan, the British government, not the bank, would cover the loss.
In other words, there would be no loan in the absence of ECGD’s
insurance.
We prayed that the ECGD would approve the papers Barclays
submitted. The chances of obtaining ECGD’s approval was more difficult
than a camel passing through an eye of a needle. It was more like an
elephant trying pass through. Thankfully, a Barclays division director
named Bennett set up a meeting with the ECGD’s president.
“We agree with the assessment of an authoritative technology
company that you can buiid ships. We also understand that Barclays,
one of the top five banks in the world, concluded that you have the
ability to pay back the loan with the profits from the sale of ships. But
I just have one question. What if no one buys your ships?
If I were a ship buyer, I would not bypass experienced shipbuilders
and drop $40-50 million to buy ships from a company that has no prior
experience. Why wouldn't I buy ships from an advanced nation rather
than yours? On top of that, you can’t sell your ships on credit. If no one
is willing to buy the ships you build, how are you going to repay the
loan? If you can’t demonstrate proof of potential buyers, I can't approve
this loan.”
His point was dead on. Even when a Korean company needed a
mere million dollars, it had to seek the loan from overseas. That was
how poor our country was.
Who in their right mind would purchase a $40-50 million ship built
by such a poor country, especially when that country had no experience
in building large ships? Even I wouldn't do something that stupid. Since
I didn't have the wherewithal to provide a long excuse, I simply said,
“All right,” ended the meeting, and left.
Chapter 4: The Hyundai Motor Company and Hyundai Shipbuilding | 141
Someone crazier than me
From that day, I started looking for buyers to purchase ships from a
shipyard that didn’t exist. Wherever I went, Ic arried around the following
items: 1) a picture which showed the few pine trees, thatched houses,
and coarse white sand of Ulsan Mipo Bay’s desolate beach, 2) a
1:50,000-scale map of the region, and 3) the blueprints of the 260,000-
ton oil tanker borrowed from Scott Lithgow. Whomever I met, I would
showcase these items and say, “If you agree to purchase our ships, I'll go
to Britain to get a loan, build a shipyard on these white sands, and get
you your ship.” Iw ouldn't blame them if they thought I was crazy.
I confided my dire situation to Chairman Longbottom. His wife’s
family was Greek, and through her connections, he was able to assure
me, “If I have to, Pll reach out to everyone I know in Greece until you
find a willing ship owner.”
ce i 4 “ 7 ee.P ra
Chung Ju-yung negotiating with A&P Appledore, 1971.
142 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
Chung Ju-yung concluding a loan agreement with Barclays Bank, 1971.
With Chairman Longbottom’ introduction, we found a man crazier
than me. This crazy man, willing to purchase our ship, was a Greek named
Livanos,”’? Ari Onassis’ brother-in-law. One of Appledore’s salesmen,
who attended Eton with Livanos, convinced him that he could buy a
Hyundai ship for a dirt-cheap price.
Livanos’ decision to sign a contract with us after merely looking at
a picture of Mipo Bay’s sandy beach was just as remarkable as our terms.
“I promise that a fine ship will be delivered to you. If we fail in this
promise, we will return your down payment plus interest. I'll deliver it
to your doorstep. The price of the ship will be extremely low. We'll only
require a small down payment, and you can make minimal installment
payments while we build the ship. If there are any problems, you can
terminate the contract, and all your money will be refunded.”
Livanos sent his private jet to bring us to his summer house in
Switzerland. While there, he gave us a purchase order for two oil-tankers
and handed over a check worth 1.4 billion won, which we promptly
deposited in the Bank of Korea on December 5, 1970. When shown
Chapter 4: The Hyundai Motor Company and Hyundai Shipbuilding | 143
this proof of deposit, the ECGD officials were astounded by our
accomplishment. They gave us the insurance without uttering a single
word. After our success with Barclays, we had no problem securing
other loans from banks in Spain, France, West Germany, Sweden, and
other European countries.
Returning to Korea after finalizing our business in Britain, I called
Vice-Prime Minister Kim Hak-ryul. He bluntly asked, “Is my head
going to be chopped off?” I told him not to worry about his head.
Relieved and exultant, he said that he would report to the president
immediately. Seconds later, Ir eceived the call to come to the Blue House.
When informed that we not only got the loan, but also received two
purchase orders, the president was overwhelmed with joy. He told me
that the government would help in any way it could and ordered me to
start preparations for the groundbreaking ceremony.
Truth be told, we didn’t even have the land for the shipyard. The
picture that we had been showing people was actually just the sandy
beach we thought would be suitable for the shipyard. I can now finally
say this, but it was the Barclays loan that allowed us to begin purchasing
the lands that we needed. We purchased the land as fast as we could
grab it, as if our lives depended on it.
The land cost next to nothing because it was basically wasteland. We
paid whatever was asked. Even though there was an uproar and some
thought we were engaging in land speculation, I was of the view that
we would need more than 800 acres for the shipyard. Thus, I paid no
attention to these noisy distractions and relentlessly acquired as much
land as possible.
I called up my brother-in-law, Kim Young-joo, who had just
completed the first stage of the Gyeongbu Expressway at Munsan. He was
a genius with machines. People used to say just by walking past a broken
machine, he would make it work again on its own. He had been with
me ever since our time at Ado Service. He is one of the most important
144 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
eyewitnesses to the development of Hyundai.
When I told him that we were going to build a shipyard and asked
him to go down to Ulsan, he simply answered, “Yes, sir. I understand.
I’m on my way.” Even before he became my brother-in-law, Kim Young-
joo was the type of person who followed orders without hesitation.
His straightforward response—“Yes, sir. I got it. I'll take care of it”—
demonstrated his keen understanding of what I wanted. He was a
bright and talented man that always got the job done.
I told him, “The Japanese company Kajima controls 70 percent of
the world’s dock construction and dredges over 3,000 cubic meters of
sediment a day. Wouldn't we have to dredge at least 2,000 cubic meters
to save face?”
He answered, “If you give me the same machines that the Japanese
use, Ic an also dredge 3,000 cubic meters.”
With our limited finances, we were in no position to purchase any
new imported machines. Therefore, Kim gathered and repaired all the
old machines used for the expressway construction, brought them down
to Ulsan, and started dredging.
Through my personal relationship with Kajima’s Chairman Kenzo,
two Kajima directors came to give us construction advice once the
dredging began. However, after only a month and a half, the two left,
unable to cope with Kim Young-joo’s overwhelming tenacity. They had
seen that my brother-in-law was able to dig 4,500 cubic meters a day
with his old fixed-up machines, while Kajima could only dig 3,000
cubic meters a day with its superior machines.
Leaving a mark in shipbuilding
On March 23, 1972, we held the groundbreaking ceremony for the $80
million Hyundai shipyard. Because Vice-Prime Minister Kim Hak-ryul
had since passed away, President Park was accompanied by his new
Chapter 4: The Hyundai Motor Company and Hyundai Shipbuilding | 145
Vice-Prime Minister, Tae Wan-sun. As far as I know, until that day, the
president had only attended the groundbreaking ceremony for Pohang
Iron and Steel Company (POSCO).
Departing from his prepared speech, the president made a special
appeal to the local community. “In past times, your children had to battle
the unpredictable elements to catch fish. But once this shipyard is
complete, there will be a better future for everyone. We are hoping that
all residents and fishermen fully cooperate.”
His point was simple. He was asking the locals to refrain from any
organized protests that might hold us back. Because the groundbreaking
ceremony was conducted on a desolate beach, we only put up one small
tent. We couldn't even serve the guests food and drinks. After the
ceremony, President Park left for Daegu to have dinner with the local
military commanders. During that dinner, Vice-Prime Minister Tae
Wan-sun apparently said, “Mr. President, do you really think Hyundai
can do it? With all due respect sir,I d on’t think they’re going to make it.”
‘The president slammed his drink on the table and berated him,
“How can you say something like that? You, the very person who is in
charge of this! Even if it seems hopeless, we need to keep them motivated
and show them our support. When you speak without thinking, you
demoralize them and make everything more difficult. In future, you
either tell people that the shipyard will be a success or you keep your
mouth shut.” His outburst silenced the room.
I’ve said this before, but President Park’s fierce determination to
develop the country was awe-inspiring. Even though building a shipyard
during a period of chronic inflation appeared foolhardy and market
analysis predicted the decline of the shipbuilding industry in two to
three years, he remained steadfast in his support of our efforts.
Loans beget interest. Interest begets more interest. Time is the
greatest enemy of construction firms. The longer a project takes, the
more interest accrues. Iherefore, my job was to ensure that this shipyard
146 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
project wouldn't bankrupt the company. Our only option was to keep
costs low by building as fast as we could and then deal with problems
as they arose.
I wanted to devote all our energies to building the shipyard, so I
ordered nearly all other Hyundai construction projects in Korea to stop
almost all their activities aimed at winning other projects. We had
already finished a construction project for the U.S. military at the end
of the previous year.
While we started paving an entrance road, disagreements with
the government arose over funding. We could no longer wait on their
payments, so we started building the entrance road without the
government’s financial support. But as soon as we started, the
government warned us we were in violation of the law because the
construction of the entrance road hadn't received prior approval. In
addition to the government’s nitpicking, we had to procure five times
as much industrial water as we originally estimated.
Our staff was greatly burdened by frivolous litigation. Even though
the president fully supported us, the Ulsan City Planning Commission
was skeptical of the project’s feasibility and constantly questioned the
Hyundai shipbuilding division. We wasted tremendous amounts of time
and energy in months of meaningless skirmishes with the commission.
On top of that, the public also did not initially support us.
But in spite of this, ] knew we would get this project done. More
than 2,200 workers were devoted to simultaneously working on land
reclamation for the construction berth, a steel scrapyard, a technical
training facility, and the main building.
As soon as construction of the shipyard began, the first thing we
built was the technical training facility for recruited engineers. This
pool of 60 engineers, consisting of university graduates who majored
in mechanical and electrical engineering, Hyundai workers, and outside
recruits, were sent to England for a six-month training program at
Chapter 4: The Hyundai Motor Company and Hyundai Shipbuilding | 147
Scott Lithgow.
At the same time, we were building the two ships Livanos had
ordered, and we were also building the breakwater, dredging the bay,
constructing the berth, digging out the dock, and completing a five
million square foot plant. By June 1974, we had completed the first
stage of the shipyard, capable of building ships up to 700,000 tons. The
shipyard, on par with international standards, had a land area of 21
million square feet and boasted two massive dry docks.
Everything was finished in just two years and three months. We
set the record for the fastest time to build a shipyard and two oil tankers.
During the first phase of construction, we made plans for further
expansion and by 1975, Hyundai Shipbuilding had the world’s largest
shipyard and the capacity to build the world’s largest ships.
I believe we left our mark on the history of world shipbuilding
only because of the united efforts of the Korean people. Our 5,000-year
history has bestowed upon us the vast potential and strong will to
overcome any obstacle. Our people have the unique ability and strength
to excel in any endeavor.
The power of the human spirit is immeasurable. In building the
shipyard, Ib ecame convinced that the success and failure of any project,
and even a nation’s destiny, are determined by the willpower of the people.
Our workers were united in the belief that we were on the frontline
of the struggle for our country’s industrialization. We worked day and
night, 365 days a year. Many of our workers got up at dawn, splashed
some water on their faces, and worked until late at night. Returning to
their dormitories dead tired, they would fall asleep with their shoes on.
This wasn’t a temporary routine; they lived like that throughout the
entire construction period. I want to express my deepest gratitude and
respect to everyone at Hyundai for their strong work ethic and mental
toughness.
Whenever I traveled from Seoul to Ulsan, I would leave at 4 in the
148 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
morning, as soon as the curfew was lifted.*” Passing the Namdaemun
market area, at that early hour, I would often see married couples with
their carts full of goods to sell for the day. I could see the serious
determination etched on their faces as the man pulled while the wife
pushed. They worked so hard to earn an only pittance... They had to
strain every bone in their body just to barely get by and to take care of
their children. I felt great respect and deep compassion towards them.
Whenever I felt this, 1w ould get a lump in my throat.
I said to myself, “We need to work together to build a prosperous
nation as soon as possible.”
To laugh or cry?
We knew nothing about building ships, but we were determined to
make the best ships that we could. That determination sometimes got
us in over our heads. At times, I didn’t know whether to laugh or cry.
There wasn't a single person on our staff who could explain how large a
260,000-ton ship was. The largest ship that any of them had seen or
been on was a mere 17,000-ton boat.
We bought gravel and salt for ballast from abroad. But the gravel
that we bought was of poor quality and unusable. We also grossly
overestimated how much material we would need to build a ship. For
instance, after we ordered and received materials intended for six ships,
we would realize that the amount was more than enough for 12 ships.
We were squandering the little cash that we had.
Building a ship seems complicated, but in reality it was deceptively
simple. You basically cut steel plates into pieces and weld them together.
Tens of thousands of pieces of steel go into building a single ship. Each
piece is given a unique mark or coded label so that the pieces can be
laid out and welded together in the proper order. The parts are cut and
labeled by one team and laid out by another team. Because we didn’t
Chapter 4: The Hyundai Motor Company and Hyundai Shipbuilding | 149
have any experience with this process, people would get into heated
arguments about what to do. One side would say that they had made
a certain piece while the other side said that they hadn't received it.
Engineers would say they had prepared the part in question, so others
would go around looking for it. If we were in a hurry, we would cut
another piece and use it, only to have the original one pop up out of
nowhere.
We wasted a lot of steel in the beginning. When I saw so much steel
being wasted and thought about how much debt we were already in, I
would feel like my insides were about to explode. But I knew that every
new business has a steep learning curve. So even though I would yell at
people, I did not fire them.
Compared to what it used to be, working at Ulsan today is paradise.
Back then, there weren't any transporters or cranes to move the blocks
to the docks. Instead we had to load and unload everything with trailers.
Many accidents occurred because we did most of our work in primitive
ways. Ihe working conditions were atrocious, and to make matters worse,
only a few workers were concerned about safety. Safety standards were
much looser. I always told our managers that they should think of their
workers as family members, but sadly accidents happened every day.
There was one particular accident that was devastating. It involved
a ship that weighed 260,000 tons, was 320 meters long, 50 meters wide,
and 26 meters tall. We were putting in the engine room’s slope section.
We were planning on doing a temporary installation first, roughly
attaching it and holding it with wires. Later we would adjust its position
on the main frame to the exact specifications and then do the permanent
welding. But before we could permanently weld the parts together, the
wires came undone and the huge block fell. It was a critical mistake to
tie the wires so loosely when they were holding such heavy weight. This
showed how slack and gutless some of our foremen were at the time. We
lost a lot of money and time. But the loss of lives was the most painful.
150 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
When they heard the sound of the block smashing into the ground like
a massive bomb blast, the foremen knew that this was no minor incident.
All the foremen involved quit after the accident.
Anyone can make a mistake, of course, but it is important not to
give up on the entire project because of the mistake. In any given
mission, the most devastating error is to give up. I called everyone out
again. I told them that we had indeed paid a heavy price for our mistakes,
and immediately returned them to their positions. We never had an
accident like that again.
Another less serious example of our carelessness happened right
before we were about to launch a newly “finished” ship. We thought we
only needed to run the final inspection. If we floated the ship and no water
leaked in, then the ship was complete. But as we did the final inspections
we realized that the foremen hadn't installed the 25-ton funnel.
I was livid. They assured me that the funnel could be installed while
we filled the dock with water and cleared away the machines. They put
the funnel on the crane and then placed it at what they thought was the
correct height. But when the water filled the dock and the ship began
to float, we could see that the funnel was quite a bit lower than it should
have been. It had been installed using calculations made when the dock
was dry. Incredulously, not one person had taken into consideration the
fact that the ship would rise as the water filled the dock!
‘There’s another incident that Ic an laugh about now, but was terrifying
at the time. President Park once visited the shipyard when the 260,000-
ton ship was almost complete. He wanted to see the bottom of the ship,
so the workers who had been checked by security escorted him down.
When you look at the ship from the top, you cannot tell that the
bottom of the ship is actually flat, 50 meters high, and quite wide. As the
president was praising the ship, we heard what sounded like gunshots.
Some of the bodyguards ran out to secure the perimeter while the others
surrounded the president. It was pure mayhem. We later found out that
Chapter 4: The Hyundai Motor Company and Hyundai Shipbuilding | 151
it had simply been a mishap caused by overenthusiastic engineers. While
the president was touring the bottom of the ship, our engineers, who
were on the upper deck, were welding some pieces of steel together. The
workers really wanted to let the president know how hard they were
working. But the sound of welding didn’t carry to the bottom of the
ship. So hundreds of workers decided to hammer the deck at the same
time. All of the foremen were called in turn by the presidential security
personnel and told off.
The president must have been surprised as well, but he showed no
sign of it. He asked how many steel plates go into making a single ship,
then quipped we had used up all of Korea’s steel.
The Japanese, who mocked us and told us we could only make
70,000-ton ships while they made 250,000-ton ships, probably hoped
that our ships would sink. Some people in Korea agreed with the Japanese
The 260,000 ton oil tanker Atlantic Baron (No. 7301) and the Atlantic Baroness (No. 7302).
Chung Ju-yung alongside the ship owners at the naming ceremony, 1974.
152 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
and worried about whether Hyundai ships could stay afloat.
The two ships that Livanos bought were christened when we finished
the Ulsan shipyard. By the way, the sarcastic Japanese and the skeptical
Koreans should know—the two flawless boats stayed afloat.
When we told people that we held our shipyard opening ceremony
at the same time as the christening, they kept asking how we pulled it off.
I don't think Livanos believed we would be able to keep our deadline
when we signed the contract. Livanos said that it was the best ship he
had ever seen.
A shipyard the size of Ulsan’s can take up to three years to build
in a developed country. What’s more, you would only build a ship after
the completion of the shipyard. That was the way things were done, and
it made perfect sense. But there is no law that says you have to build a
shipyard before you build a ship. So, Id ecided to build both at the same
time. If we had not done this, it would have taken over five years to
deliver the ships.
The oil shock of 1973
If there is one thing that I’ve learned, it is that life is a constant struggle.
In October 1973, the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries
(OPEC) shocked world markets by raising the price of crude oil 17
percent. Countries that produced other raw materials, like sugar, tin,
bauxite, zinc, cotton, wheat, copper, and coffee, followed OPEC’s lead
and “weaponized” their resources. Global trade volumes plummeted,
creating the worst recession the shipping industry had ever faced. Of
course, this recession inevitably led to a recession in the shipbuilding
industry.
In 1974, the world’s shipping industry had excess oil tanker capacity
amounting to 40 percent of total capacity at the end of 1973. Because of
the oil shock, many countries that imported oil restricted the use of gas
Chapter 4: The Hyundai Motor Company and Hyundai Shipbuilding | 153
and other petroleum products. As a result, demand for oil tankers collapsed
to nothing.
On top of this, on June 5, 1975, the Suez Canal reopened. The
canal connected the Persian Gulf with Europe and cut 25 days off travel
time. Since oil tankers of over 70,000 tons could not pass through the
canal, a 200,000-ton supertanker would be rendered useless.
We were hit especially hard because of our heavy focus on
supertankers. Before the oil shock, we had been able to sell more than
10, but a purchase order for two supertankers from the Japan Line in
March 1974 was the last supertanker order we got until 1986. We also
didn’t get any orders for small cargo vessels except an order from Kuwait
in November 1974 for 15 small multipurpose cargo ships.
Ship owners added to our troubles by canceling orders. In this
industry, ship owners have absolute discretion on ordering and canceling
contracts. When the economy is booming, ship owners make most of
the profit from having new ships built, and when the economy is
stagnant, they push all the losses onto the shipbuilder. They became
more unpredictable as the world faced this massive economic downturn.
With Hyundai, out of 12 supertankers, three were either canceled or
rejected. The three ships canceled were for Hong Kong’s C.Y. Tung,
who ordered two 260,000-ton supertankers (No. 7308 and No. 7310)
and the other was ship No. 7302, ordered by Livanos.
Livanos refused to take No. 7302 and accepted only one of the
ships that he had contracted with us. Because of the oil shock, no one
wanted to buy the ship and no contract for No. 7302 could be made.
At first, Livanos tried to reject the ship by saying it was of poor quality.
He exploited our contract clause that stated, “All requests made by the
ship owner shall be met.” He demanded a massive number of additional
changes and pushed back the completion date. Whenever he made a
new demand, we pulled all-nighters to meet them. Once we thought
there would be nothing more he could complain about, he asked for yet
154 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
another “renovation” which was practically impossible to do.
I made Livanos promise not to make any more demands. We finished
by his new deadline. But he refused to take the ship, arguing that it was
completed a day late. He argued that the way he calculated dates and
the way we calculated them were different. What he was really angling
for was getting back his initial down payment, because he couldn't get
a charter contract for the ship.
I told our stafft o sue him through international courts. I really wanted
to see what the court would have to say about rejecting a ship because
it was a day late. I als> wanted to send a strong signal to other potential
buyers that they wouldn't be able to mess with us.
Unlike Livanos, C.Y. Tung readily gave up his down payment and
called his men back home. We were in a serious financial hole. Some of
the board members said we should stop building the two ships that had
recently been canceled. But I ordered the shipyard to continue working on
them. If we stopped, we would have lost all of our initial investment.
Giving up on the two ships was something that I wouldn't even
think about. Even when we had to sell my brothers’ and brother-in-law’s
houses to finish the construction of Goryeong Bridge, I didn’t quit.
Even though we were struggling financially, if we finished the
ships, we might be able to sell them later. If not, 1 thought we could put
them to some other use. It was in our economic interest to finish the
ships because we were using the materials we had purchased before the
oil shock caused prices to skyrocket.
Another reason was personal: if we stopped, we would have to start
laying people off. After all we'd been through, how could I even think
about letting people go? Our workers worked hand in hand, and worked
till they fell asleep in their shoes. We made it that far thanks to their hard
work. There was no way I could let anyone lose their job.
In 1976, the verdict in our lawsuit against Livanos came out in our
favor. In return for Livanos’ promise to purchase another ship in the future,
Chapter 4: The Hyundai Motor Company and Hyundai Shipbuilding | 155
we dropped the suit, and, we kept No. 7302 for ourselves. With that
one and the two ships that C.Y. Tung had given up, we now had three
260,000-ton supertankers. In March 1976, we created Asia Merchant
Marine and officially entered the shipping industry.
At that time, the transportation rights of all oil that we imported
from abroad were dominated by foreign companies. I was planning to
use Hyundai ships to carry the oil that Korea imported. But foreign
shipping companies demanded $14 million for transportation rights,
claiming that this was the amount they would be losing. That was none
of my concern. In the past, we paid them to borrow their ships because
we didn't have our own. But now we did. We could move our own oil.
The idea that we should pay for their losses was patently absurd. I refused
to budge. I held out for eight months, and the price they demanded
dropped to $3 million.
I still wouldn't budge. I stuck to my guns: we were going to transport
Korea’s oil. Eventually, I got what I wanted, and I didn't spend a single
dime. That’s how we put those three supertankers to good use.
In 1979, Asia Merchant Marine received a Korean government
award for surpassing $100 million in goods shipped. In 1980, the company
opened a route to South America, the first Korean shipper to do so.
The company is now poised to hit the $2.6 billion mark. It has since
been renamed Hyundai Merchant Marine. What’s more, although
Hyundai Shipbuilding was the bane of my existence during the oil
shock, it survived that crisis and has grown in leaps and bounds. We
also renamed Hyundai Shipbuilding to Hyundai Heavy Industries,
and in 1996 achieved approximately $4.6 billion in sales, $3.2 billion
in exports, and $6.91 billion in shipbuilding. This year we are aiming
for $5.4 billion in sales, $3.4 billion dollars in exports, and $9 billion in
shipbuilding.
Even though Livanos caused us much grief by reneging on his
promise, Ir emain grateful to him for having provided the right assistance
156 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
TU lsan Sah im4 pya“Ardadr opff B ayH ay ueneed ai ey H2Ae aeev y eg Ienndtu stries.
at the right time. Livanos was the “crazy” businessman who got us that
critical first loan and promised to purchase two ships after seeing a couple
of pictures of a deserted beach and some blueprints.
Chapter 5
Drama in the Middle East and
the Milestone Year, 1980
“I am someone who believes that
if a person limits themselves to the fixed ideas inherent
in common sense, they will not be very creative.”
| Chapter 5 |
Drama in the Middle East and
the Milestone Year, 1980
My near-death experience
‘The years have come and gone and now I am in my mid-80s. But age
was never important to me. To this day, I remain completely engulfed
in my work, with no spare time. What has always been most important
to me is how I use my time for work. Other than thinking about how
to develop and grow my business, I’m actually not very interested in
anything else. For me, time is the capital that must be managed most wisely.
I make a plan, jump head first into it, and finish a project in a shorter
amount of time than other people. When others are hesitating, I have
already begun working. It’s not an exaggeration to say that my life was
defined by “time” rather than “age.” This is how I have lived and this is
how I have succeeded.
I myself am not conscious of age, but apparently other people around
me place great importance on my age. When I hear others wishing that
I live to be a hundred, I tell them, “Why 100? I plan to live to be 120!”
But now I wonder if all this bragging about how active I am for my age
is really a good thing, or if it is time for me to slow down.
Chapter 5: Drama in the Middle East and the Milestone Year, 1980 | 159
I’ve never thought of retiring for a moment, much less of dying.
If I had drowned in the ocean during the construction of the shipyard,
I would not have been able to accomplish all the things that I have. There
are many times,I realize how lucky I was to survive.
Seoul to Ulsan, Ulsan to Seoul, then back to Ulsan. That was my life.
During the construction of the shipyard,I slept half the time in each
city. |w oke up at 4 a.m. every morning to tour every inch of the company
grounds for two hours before the regular 6 a.m. executive meeting.
I am by nature not one who can just lie in bed if Ia m not sleepy.
I remember one day in November 1973 when I woke up at 3 a.m. to the
violently thrashing winds of a storm. I picked up one of the workers on
duty to inspect the site in myj eep. This worker was Lee Jung-il, who
would later go on to be the president of Mipo Dockyard Co. Even in
the midst of this torrential downpour, the Goliath crane was loading
blocks in the storm.
As I watched this scene unfold, I noticed the workers were loading
the blocks inefficiently. I told Lee Jung-il a more efficient strategy and
he left the jeep to pass the instructions on to the workers. I continued
inspecting the site on my own. Despite having the windshield wipers
on the highest setting, the wind was blowing so hard and the rain was
so violent that I could barely see. Fortunately, I’d traveled this road so
many times; I could have driven it with my eyes closed.
But suddenly a massive boulder appeared in the headlights, blocking
my way. It hadn't been there yesterday and shouldn't have been there
then. In the confusion of the moment, I instinctively slammed on the
brakes and turned the wheel. But it was too late. The jeep plummeted
off the road and plunged into the 12-meter deep water. ‘The jeep fell
like a diver, then bobbed back up to the surface.
Because it was a cold, stormy November night, I had been driving
with the windows up. Though the car didn’t fill up with water right away,
once the water started to pour in, the car began to sink.
160 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
I didn't panic. I knew the construction site as well as | knew my
own front yard. If I could only get out, things would be alright. I first
thought that I would open the door and swim out, or, if the door wouldn't
open, I could break the windshield and escape through there. At this
point, water started coming in through the holes near the accelerator.
As I tried to open the door, I found it wouldn't move because of
the water pressure. But by putting my back against one door and pushing
the other door with both feet, I was able to nudge the door open, allowing
just a little water to enter at a time. I pushed as hard as I could as the
water entered. Even though I tried to control my body, I was suddenly
pulled into the frightening current. When I surfaced, I was out of the car.
At the time, the jumper worn by Hyundai workers was ideal for
floating. But I couldn't remain just floating; I needed to swim to a wall at
least 800 meters away. With all my effort, I began to swim in the intense
darkness and waves.
When I was younger, I was able to cross the Han River with a
watermelon on my back. But that was during nice weather in the summer
time on the still waters of the river. Now I was swimming in the cold
waters of the ocean in the middle of a storm, and every bit of seawater
that went in my mouth and nose tasted like death. But eventually my
hand touched a piece of rebar placed to hold the concrete that held
back the sea. I was able to grab hold, but it took a lot of effort to avoid
being swept away in the battering waves.
I wanted to throw my shoes up to attract attention, but I didn’t want
to look like a fool. Instead, I yelled towards a guard post about 200
meters away, “Help!”
In the darkness, the guard was unable to see who I was.
“Who are you?” he shouted.
nits mel?
Soaked to the bone and rapidly weakening, Id idn’t have the energy
to shout, “It’s me, Chung Ju-yung!”
Chapter 5: Drama in the Middle East and the Milestone Year, 1980 | 161
But the guard asked again, “Who are you?”
‘Then I lost my patience.
“You idiot! What does it matter who it is? Hurry up and throw me
a rope!”
At this point, the guard recognized my voice and was clearly flustered
and confused.
“Chairman Chung! What are you doing down there?”
“Shut up and bring me a rope!”
“Ok! But, sir, where are the ropes?”
There were ropes scattered all over the place, but in his confusion the
guard thought I would know exactly where to find one at that moment.
“What!?” I shouted, and screamed at him once more. The guard,
completely flustered, ran all over the site looking for a rope and returned
in what seemed like an hour to me at the time, but was actually only
five minutes. I fumed, “Where in the hell did you go?”
The terrified guard said, “I found a rope, sir.”
“Well, what are you looking at? Hurry up and throw it to me!”
He threw down the rope, | tied it around my waist, and he pulled
me up. When I got on land, I was exhausted and wanted to collapse
right there on the ground. But not wanting to appear weak, I tried to
act strong. I drained the water from my shoes and rode a patrol car back
to the guesthouse.
I rinsed my shoes off and placed them face down to dry. I spread
a 5,000-won note on the bed to dry, at which point several executives
rushed into my room. His face pale, my brother-in-law Kim Young-joo
entered first.
“The water's refreshing,” I said. It was all I could do at the time to
feign composure.
When I thought about it later, I realized how lucky I was.
At four or five in the morning, the only person that could travel
around the site without permission was me. The guards were dozing off
162 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
as normal, but when my car appeared, they all had snapped to attention,
thinking it may have been an emergency. They later said that they saw
headlights approaching. At that time of night, especially in the rain, one
of the guards figured he should investigate, but in the time it took him
to emerge from the guardhouse, the headlights had disappeared.
He searched in the direction of the plant works division. As he was
poking around in those few seconds, he thought it odd that the car
disappeared without a sound. Thinking it was either a ghost or a dream,
the guard looked around, cursed under his breath, and returned to the
booth. But still bothered, he returned outside. And this time he heard
my shouts from the water.
Later on, I summoned the guard to convey my gratitude. I asked
him what he wanted, and the simple man merely replied that he wanted
to keep working as a guard. I set up a security guard company for him
and to this day he is still working as a guard. He bore the brunt of my
anger at that time, but if he hadn't heard me I would have died. If I had
died that day, I never would have been able to do all that I have done.
Along with the president, and a few other key people, I am very
proud of my decisive role in building Hyundai Shipbuilding and Korea's
shipbuilding industry. Our humble beginnings, our rapid development,
and our ability to compete on the world stage gave Korea the confidence
to compete globally.
Several other companies, including Daewoo and Samsung, followed
our lead. In turn, these first companies paved the way for others. It was
natural and inevitable that workers from one company would go work
for another company. To be sure, it was always frustrating to see some
excellent workers depart after we had invested in their professional
development.
But the fact that these workers were departing for other Korean
companies rather than going abroad, was not something to lament.
First generation companies develop their industry, the people, and the
Chapter 5: Drama in the Middle East and the Milestone Year, 1980 | 163
productT.he success of these pioneers then spills over into other related
secondary industries, these secondary industries then become another
prized asset for the country’s economy.
To the Middle East we go
When the first oil shock struck in 1973, gas prices skyrocketed from
$1.75 per barrel to over $10.00 in less than two years. Aside from the
oil producing nations in the Middle East, every country faced recession.
Through the “weaponization” of oil, Middle Eastern countries revealed
that they cared nothing about the problems they caused the global
economy and more about earning as many oil dollars as they could to
spend on their own rapid modernization and construction.
For Korea, which had to import all of our oil and gas, the economic
effect was devastating. By 1975, economic downturn and rapid inflation
had caused Korea’s international lenders to put greater pressure for
repayment. The country itself was on the verge of bankruptcy. At this
point, North Korea had already fallen into bankruptcy, and in the South,
creditors from international banks were inspecting our ability to repay
our loans on a weekly basis.
To save the country on the brink of bankruptcy and to save the whole
of Hyundai, which was facing a crisis because of the hit that Hyundai
Shipbuilding took from the “oil shock,” Ic ame to believe that going to
the Middle East was the only answer. The region held 57 percent of the
world’s known oil reserves and produced 41 percent of all the oil sold
in the world. From 1973 to 1974 alone, their income from oil rose from
$70 billion to $80 billion. Middle Eastern countries saw their economies
rise rapidly as a result of this new revenue. To diversify their economies,
they had begun to make progress on new economic development plans
by the mid-70s.
With its dynamic oil business, the Middle East was the only region
164 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
of the world doing well. If you want to make money, you have to go
where the money is. The Vietnam War was over. We needed to venture
to other parts of the world if we wanted to sustain our growth. I was
determined to grab a share of the Middle East’s new wealth. If I hesitated,
I would miss the chance. Whoever is first to establish a foothold in a
country can take advantage of the economic opportunities on offer.
Whoever gets there first, gets the deals.
Even though we lacked the experience and capability, I knew that
if we mobilized all our creativity and maintained our mental toughness,
this was a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to succeed.
In 1975, I decided to enter the Middle East.
Hyundai began offering Arabic classes to its workers and made
promotional videos about the company in Arabic. Many thought that
investing in the Middle East would overstretch the company. One of
them was my younger brother In-yung, the department head for overseas
construction at the time. In-yung was used to me launching new ventures,
but even he adamantly refused to support me in this Middle Eastern
escapade. He asserted that the move to the Middle East would exhaust
the company.
In the business world, standing still is the same as falling behind.
Economic competition is not a battle of guns and swords. There is no
room for defense, as there would be in a military battle. In an economic
war, if you are not leading, you're losing. If you hesitate, you lose
momentum and can only get the remaining scraps. As with individuals,
so to businesses and nations, if you remain complacent and fail to take
risks, you will never flourish and you will never know what you could
have achieved.
Since Hyundai’s founding, the company and the country grew in
tandem. It was my aspiration to build the business that best served the
country. I am proud that my company inspired hope for the national
economy and the future of Korean business. As Korea sank into economic
Chapter 5: Drama in the Middle East and the Milestone Year, 1980 | 165
recession in the 1970s, it was Hyundai’s duty to help lead the country
out of economic crisis.
In-yung could never overcome my stubbornness about entering
the Middle East. Because of this, the advance team for the Middle East
venture was often left helpless. For instance, when I scolded my brother
for not moving fast enough on the issue, he threatened to expel all the
construction contractors from the region. After refusing my orders to go
there on a business trip, we remained deadlocked. From then on, he just
stayed at company headquarters. With no other alternative, I registered
a company making heavy equipment in Gunpo and transferred him there
along with everyone else who opposed the Middle East venture. With
this reorganization of the Middle East team, I decided to take over
leadership of the project.
Even though entering the Middle East market meant we would be
facing competition from American, European, and Japanese firms with
superior technology, capital, and experience in overseas construction, I
was never worried. Regardless of whether our competition looked down
on us or not, we worked hard. The result was that, in October 1975, we
began construction on a ship repair yard in Bahrain. Two months later
we began construction on a naval base in Saudi Arabia. These moderate
sized projects set the stage for our full entrance into the region. Our next
construction project began in July 1976. Once again it was in Saudi
Arabia. This was the golden opportunity we had been waiting for—the
Jubail Industrial Port.
High drama in Jubail
A project like the Jubail Industrial Port only comes around once in
lifetime. It was the biggest construction contract of the 20" century,
worth $930 million (460 billion won), half of Korea’s annual budget at
the time.
166 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
Jubail Industrial Port was a truly unique endeavor. Hyundai was
responsible for all the civil engineering projects on land and in the sea,
including the construction, power supply, facilities, and equipment.
Starting with the construction of a terminal large enough to place four
500,000-ton oil tankers side by side, the facilities for all transportation,
loading, and unloading also needed to be built. To say this was an
extremely difficult project is an understatement.
In the fall of 1975, the Saudi king received the plans for the port, and
a British service company began examining the production plans. I was
determined to place a bid, despite the dissent from Hyundai executives.
We received information about the bid for the port seven months
before we made our proposal. As if ordered to assemble, all the major
construction companies had piled in trying to get the winning bid. The
best companies from the United States, Britain, West Germany, and the
Netherlands had already begun their preparations and were exerting as
much influence as they could to try to win the contract.
The Saudi construction market was without rival in the developed
world. In December, the Saudi management of the Jubail bidding
process told William Halcrow, an employee in a well-known British
port and sea facilities company, to make a list of 10 bidding companies,
and nine had already been announced: from America, Brown and Root,
Sante Fe, and Raymond International; from England, Costain and
Tarmac; from West Germany, Bolkalis and Philipp Holzmann; from the
Netherlands, VolkerStevin; from France, Spie Batignolles. They were
all formidable. One Japanese company tried to enter, but dropped out.
Nine of the ten spots had been decided, and I was determined that
Hyundai must take the final spot. This meant that only one company
could win. I knew who that would be.
I told the London branch director Eum Yong-gi that he must get
the contract. “From the barren ground at Mipo harbor, we built the
world’s largest shipyard in the fastest time ever. It has the capacity to
Chapter 5: Drama in the Middle East and the Milestone Year, 1980 | 167
build two 260,000-ton ships at the same time. We have the experience
and overflowing enthusiasm. Our goal is to win this bid at all costs. So
we must be accepted as the tenth bidder in the contest.”
Director Eum contacted William Halcrow right away.
“We first came to the Middle East last October, and our first project
was the ASRY shipyard in Bahrain. In this unknown, far flung land we
were able to finish our mobilization preparations in just one month.
Please keep our company’s mobility in mind. We are constructing a naval
base in Saudi Arabia. Also, our world number one Ulsan shipyard was
built in cooperation with the British in the shortest amount of time
in the history of this kind of construction.”
This was the gist of Director Eum’s arguments to convince Halcrow.
In the end,w e were able to secure the 10 spot with the help of Appledore
and Barclays. But the problem was the enormous deposit for the bid.
I wondered where I could find the $20 million needed. Knowing it was
impossible to get it inside Korea, I quickly cast aside that option. If word
got out that I needed to borrow the $20 million, my detractors would
have a field day. Maintaining the utmost secrecy was the difference
between winning the contract or not. But where was I going to get $20
million without anybody finding out?
Even in a seemingly helpless situation, one must stay the course.
I wracked my brains over how to get this money. Since we were in
competition with American and European construction companies,
asking for money from American and European banks would be foolish.
So we went instead to the Bahrain National Bank, which had lent us
the deposit money for the $138 million ASRY shipyard with no strings
attached. Once again, they agreed to lend us the money, but something
about the deal made me suspicious. Everything was moving too smoothly.
It was revealed later that they could only lend us $15 million, rather
than the $20 million we required.
But I was still thankful, and the Bahrain National Bank had even
168 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
gone so far as to vouch for Hyundai with the Saudi National Industrial
Bank, who provided the additional $5 million. Four days later, we secured
the 10" spot in the bid.
From that moment on, the other companies did everything in their
power to force us out of the competition. They falsely claimed that we
had to become a member of an international construction consortium
to take part in the bid. Others told us to pay the deposit fee and then
just drop out. The French company Spie Batignolles used Korean Air
Chairman Cho Joong-Hoon to pressure us into joining their consortium.
Mr. Cho came to Riyadh from Paris to convince me to join the
consortium. But I could not speak candidly to this messenger of a
competing company.
“Well... I haven't thought about joining the consortium... I don't
have the capital to pay the $40 million bid deposit, so I guess [ll just go
back to Korea.”
I spoke evasively, and Cho Joong-Hoon departed, having believed
everything I said. He relayed the false message to the French. I told
him $40 million, instead of the $20 million that I thought I would soon
acquire, in an effort to misinform the competing companies. I was sorry
for deceiving Mr. Cho, but as he was the messenger of the “enemy,” I had
no other choice.
As the date for the bid approached, my staff and I locked ourselves
for a week in our Riyadh hotel room to prepare our presentation. Even
as we formulated our intellectual arguments, we tried not to jinx things.
We never left the room. We didn’t wash; we didn’t cut our hair; we didn’t
cut our nails. We also didn’t throw away the leftovers from room service.
‘The plates piled up. The smell became unbearable in the heat. Completed
forms would be placed on the floor, and each of us would take turns
stepping on them. We continued to perform this ritual day in and day
out as the papers piled up and the stench worsened.
I don't know if any of this was actually effective, but there isn’t any
Chapter 5: Drama in the Middle East and the Milestone Year, 1980 | 169
construction team that doesn’t have some sort of superstition before
bidding. The estimation report ran to over one hundred pages of
meticulous analysisW.e cut 25 percent off the original cost of $1.2 billion,
and then again a further five percent, to $870 million. I was convinced
‘no other bidder could do it for less than $1 billion. Chun Gap-won
complained that the price was too low. I stressed to him that coming in
second place in the bid was the same as coming in last. We needed this
project to make money. Whatever money we earned was money earned
for the country. Ultimately, winning this contract would greatly benefit
the nation and boost our international reputation. I felt it was wiser to
focus on winning the bid at all costs, even if the price was low, than to
become obsessed with the massive amount to be gained in the short term.
At 9 a.m. on February 16, we were on standby. Around 9:30 a.m., the
representatives of the 10 companies gathered in the conference room and
the meeting began.
When the doors opened and we stepped inside, the foreign company’s
teams were in complete disbelief. This confirmed my suspicion that Cho
Joong-Hoon had spread the word about us giving up. One person from
each company entered the bidding room. We sent in Chun Gap-won. A
short time later he reemerged, having given our bid. He looked uneasy.
I was worried he had made a mistake.
“Was there some problem submitting the bid amount?” I asked.
eosin |
His “no” didn’t feel right to me.
“So you wrote the amount that we decided on?”
“No. I didn't write that amount.”
I was flabbergasted.
“You idiot! Do you have a death wish, or has the heat fried your
brain?”
I could not believe Chun disobeyed my direct orders. But what
was I supposed to do? Once the water has been spilled, you can't put it
170 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
back in the jar.
“So then how much did you write?”
“I wrote $931,140,000.”
This was the amount we had originally settled on before further
cutting the price. Director Chun insisted that he wanted to protect
Hyundai.
“Sir, regardless of what you may think,I thought $870 million was
too low. If we don't win, I figured we would die here in the Gulf anyway.
So I tacked on another $60 million.”
Even though Chun’s unilateral decision was a clear display of loyalty
to Hyundai, I was furious that he disobeyed my direct orders. But because
I wanted to win this bid, I stifled my reaction. I wanted to say, “You dumb
bastard! Just die here.” But I held my tongue. I put my fate in the hands
of Heaven and waited.
Aware of the seriousness of his action, Chun rightly stayed as far
away from me as he could. The other two, Kim Kwang-myeong and
Chung Mun-do, tip-toeing around me, and avoided making eye contact.
At 1 p.m., one representative from each company were summoned
to hear the results of the bid. We sent Chung Mun-do. Two intense
hours later, no one had emerged. We had no idea why the decision was
taking so long. Being far more nervous than me, Chun Gap-won entered
the room with a coffee tray. But seconds later, he came out of the room
ashen faced.
“It looks hopeless,” he said.
In the few seconds he was in the room, Chun apparently heard the
phrase, “The American team Brown and Root bid $904,440,000.”
I was horrified.
My knees buckled. Chun Gap-won slunk away. Kim Kwang-myeong
went after him in utter embarrassment. I was all alone. I felt like a little boy
who had lost his kite, and was watching it fly away. But then, I looked up
and saw a beaming Chung Mun-do, running towards me with a “V” sign.
Chapter 5: Drama in the Middle East and the Milestone Year, 1980 | 171
“We did it, Chairman Chung!”
“What do you mean? We did what?”
He screamed, “We won the bid!”
What Chun Gap-won had heard was for the ship berthing facilities
only. The bid from Brown and Root’s bid had been nullified. As news of
victory sank in, the very first thought I had was that Chun Gap-won
wouldn't have to die in the Persian Gulf after all.
The Saudis soon made the official announcement.
“Hyundai has made a bid of $931,140,000 for all four parts of
the Jubail Industrial Port. Their paperwork is perfect. Their promise of
shaving six months off of the 42-month construction timeline also made
a deep impression on us.”
I later heard that Chun and Kim huddled with each other in a corner.
With tears flowing down their faces, they said, “Our Chairman Chung
must be a god.” The Jubail Port project was also a blessing for the Korean
government, which was suffering through the worst foreign exchange
crisis in the world.
By February 5, 1976, Saudi Arabia had spent $780 million on 23
projects by 10 different businesses. At $930 million, the Jubail project
dwarfed everything else. From being the last of 10 companies to enter the
bidding competition, to securing the deposit, to Chun’s $60 million act of
loyalty to the company, to our eventual success, the story was high drama.
At the end of it all, our morale was high enough to pierce the sky.
Hurdle, after hurdle, after hurdle
But as we celebrated, our real problems were just beginning. We waited
for word from the Saudi side to start contract negotiations, but as days
went by, we heard nothing. I had predicted that the losing companies
in the competition would try to sabotage our work. I was quickly proved
right. Their criticism was intense. They claimed that the construction
172 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
couldn't be done at the price we quoted, that Korea was an underdeveloped
country, and that Hyundai lacked the technology, capital, and experience
to pull off a project of this magnitude. They said we didn't even know
what an open-sea tanker terminal (OSTT) was, and therefore it was
ridiculous to quote such a low price. They said that without any prior ocean
construction experience, Hyundai was in over its head. The slander they
spouted about Hyundai to the Saudi committee was beyond description.
An influential arms dealer with connections to the Saudi royal family
publicly claimed, “If Hyundai gets this construction done, you can cut
off my right hand.” This is how confident people were that we would
never be able to actually complete construction. The Saudi committee,
having been bombarded with these heinous accusations, second guessed
themselves and were hesitating to contact us.
To be honest, Hyundai really didn't have any experience with OSTT
construction. Brown and Root bid $904 million just on the OSTT section,
but we just added the extra cost of underwater construction. The ocean
bedrock lay more than 30 meters down and the foundation was more
than 30 meters wide and 12 kilometers long. Given the nature of this
daunting work, the rumors had some merit, and the Saudis had reason
to feel uncomfortable. But I remained unperturbed because I knew, no
matter what, we were going to succeed.
Thinking that anything is possible is the first rule of a successful
person. If you doubt yourself, then you will only be able to accomplish
as much as your doubts let you. If you think you can’t do something,
then you wont be able to do it.
I immediately flew from Riyadh to Bahrain. I was staying in the
Hilton Hotel when the president of Brown and Root requested a meeting.
He was trying to convince me to subcontract the OSTT to his company.
I laughed. Our budget was $930 million, and so if I subcontracted out to
the company who bid more than $900 million on just the OSTT, how was
I supposed to complete the rest of the construction? He replied that, after
Chapter 5: Drama in the Middle East and the Milestone Year, 1980 | 173
careful analysis, it could actually be completed much more cheaply. As
they accompanied me back to Seoul, he made an underhanded threat
that without Brown and Root, the OSTT would never be completed.
He boasted that, as soon as their construction projects in Australia
and New Zealand were done, they would begin moving their equipment
to Jubail and were now spending $50,000 a day on rental fees without any
work to do. This was an unconvincing bluff. The companies of McDermott
and Santa Fe were also seeking our cooperation. But I did not rush into
any subcontracting deals.
My careful deliberations deflated them. When I finally signed a
technological cooperation agreement with Brown and Root, agreeing to
pay only 10 percent of their rental fees, the Saudi backers looked relieved.
But just as it seemed we were back on track, Saudi Arabia’s “Israel
Boycott” policy got in the way. Because Ford Motors had direct investments
in Israel and Hyundai, the Saudis were reluctant to grant us permission
to start the construction. But we argued that our contract with Ford
had been canceled many years ago. We provided documents showing
that this should have no bearing on the Jubail project.
We then had to provide a guarantee for the $280 million construction
deposit. Forty days spent in London to get the deposit loan paid the
ultimate dividend, The money was ours. Next, I needed to secure an
advance because of the decrepit state of South Korea's currency exchange.
In Saudi Arabia, it customarily took 30-40 days to receive the complete
installation payment after completing each section of the construction
and 50 days for the construction deposit. Given the size of the $200
million deposit, the Saudis dragged their feet. The necessary documents
required more than 30 amendments and more than 50 signatures.
Our Hyundai executives spent every day at the government offices
doing everything they could to get the signatures and make sure the forms
were correct. Finally, after a week, we were told we got the $200 million.
When I deposited it, the president of the Korea Exchange Bank, called,
“Chairman Chung, you did an unbelievable job. This is monumental.
This deposit is the single largest amount of foreign currency that the
Republic of Korea has received since its founding.”
Indeed, this was a proud moment, for both myself and for Korea.
All of our worries about our country’s foreign debts and possible
bankruptcy vanished with this single deal. Including all the other
projects going on near the Jubail port, the total amount came to $1.75
billion. From then on, every month for more than two years, Hyundai
sent back tens of millions of dollars (and in one particular month $100
million) to Korea. This capital was the decisive factor in raising the value
of our currency.
In terms of 1976 exchange rate, the Jubail project was worth 460
billion Korean won. It required 200,000 five-ton trucks worth of concrete
Chapter 5: Drama in the Middle East and the Milestone Year, 1980 | 175
and twelve 10,000-ton ships worth of steel. Because our $930 million
bid was $570 million less than the construction consortium’s original
offer, I remember hearing people say that Hyundai’s reckless bravado
would be its undoing. “Hyundai will drown in the Gulf,” they said. This
experience taught me that there could be no good will and no good
Samaritans in the competitive world of business. But as human beings,
we have no choice but to live together.
The site manager Kim Yong-jae and the supervisor Chun Gap-won
created separate teams for technology and management and devised a
thorough construction plan. The workers arrived first, then the materials.
I ordered the supply lines to be double checked to make sure everything
would arrive on time from overseas. For the steel structures and underwater
equipment to arrive on time,I issued orders to Hyundai Shipbuilding to
cooperate. I also said the work had to be done in 36 months, no matter
what.
At first I planned to use the equipment that Hyundai Shipbuilding
had used in the Philippines, Southeast Asia, and India and bring it all
to the Middle East on huge barges. Before we even began, the prospects
already looked hopeless. Most daunting was the scale of the project: a
terminal in 30-meter deep waters, 12-kilometer long docks where four
500,000-ton supertankers could be berthed. In the 30-meter deep waters,
we needed to lay out a jacket structure 12 kilometers long, then place
a massive steel pipe in the water, clearing away the dirt and stones and
widening the area. This would then be reinforced with rebar and anchored
with concrete.
Until this time, we had never even seen this done before, much
less attempted it ourselves. We were anxious about Brown and Root'’s
estimation that this would cost $900 million. Before we could begin,
we somehow needed to find an expert in this kind of construction.
During December 1976, as I pondered over where to find such a
person,I received some good news. Geology Professor Kim Young-deuk,
176 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
who was employed at the technology services company MRWJ in New
York, had been dispatched as an advisor to ARAMCO, the Arabian-
American Oil Company. He was currently at the Jubail site. Dr. Kim
asked if there was anything he could do to help his fellow countrymen
on the Jubail project. I immediately invited him to Seoul. He stopped by
Seoul on his way to New York to see his family for the Christmas and
New Year’s holiday. I asked him to come work for Hyundai Construction.
But not only had he recently moved from Canada to New York for his
new job, he also had a wife who just finished her medical residency and
young children. He was preparing to spend the rest of his career abroad.
He had no reason to return to Korea, so he refused my offer. Still wanting
to help, Dr. Kim agreed to provide technical advice to Hyundai as the
head of his own company.
We ended our discussion there, but the next day, I took Dr. Kim
to the Hyundai shipyard in Ulsan. As we cruised down the Gyeongbu
expressway, we talked about our shared love for our country and the
meaning of patriotism. We also discussed the difficulties of constructing
the expressway.
Everybody loves their country. But I believe that Koreans who go
abroad to study, work, and succeed, have a much more passionate and
pure sense of patriotism than those who never leave. Moved by his sense
of patriotism, I knew I had to do whatever it took to convince him. That
night over dinner, I made my pitch again.
I earnestly implored him to come. I explained my aspirations for
the company’s future, to make Hyundai one of the best companies
in the world. I stressed the importance of our expansion into overseas
construction, especially in the Middle East, as well as our shipbuilding,
heavy industries, and cars. However, Dr. Kim reluctantly conveyed that
he could not return to Korea because of his personal and professional
circumstances.
Dr. Kim was planning to return to New York in two days, but I
Chapter 5: Drama in the Middle East and the Milestone Year, 1980 | 177
asked him to postpone his flight by a day. We met at a restaurant in
Seoul and over a few drinks, talked about his hometown, Jangjeon, only
12 kilometers to the south of my own hometown. We talked about our
childhoods, Mt. Geumgang, and our time spent abroad. I raised the issue
of him working for Hyundai once again.
“Everyone, from the time they are born to the time they die, works
their way through life in their own way. But no work is more noble or
valuable than the work you do for your country and your people. Now
we have the chance to do just that. I can’t even describe how much work
it took by the people at Hyundai to get where we are today, in charge of
the biggest construction project on the planet. The Saudi government
has already received the $280 million deposit on this project, and if we
fail, our country will be dealt a huge blow. Doing this project in the
Middle East was the only way for us to recover the foreign exchange
necessary to pay back our debts after the oil shock. It is our patriotic duty
to succeed. Dr. Kim, you have to work at Hyundai to help your country.
You must do this. Korea is your home, Dr. Kim. How could you give
away your skills and knowledge to another country?”
When Dr. Kim left for New York the next day, he had become part
of the Hyundai family. I was both thankful and relieved.
Mock us if you will
In July 1976, we started construction on the Jubail terminal. Our lack
of experience caused us great mental stress. The constant questioning and
doubting of the Saudis and the racial disparagements and unrelenting
carping by Brown and Root sent me into fits of rage.
They said that we needed to pay $20,000 per day to use their
equipment. Though we tried to work quickly, they came up with excuse
after excuse to delay the project. At first, because we didn't even know
how to operate the equipment, we had no choice but to swallow our
178 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
anger and endure their bad treatment. But during the second half of the
project, we were able to shake them free for good. Later, we brought a
1,600-ton sea crane from the Ulsan Shipyard to complete the installation
of the jacket.
I can say that I spoke up at every opportunity on how to best
transport the equipment. All the equipment would be placed on barges
and sailed through the typhoon-prone seas near the Philippines and
Southeast Asia, then through the Indian Ocean with its monsoons, before
heading to the Gulf. 12,000 kilometers separated Ulsan from Jubail.
My plan surprised everyone. No one was eager to take up the
responsibilities. A so-called “jacket” was a steel structure, just one of
which was 18 meters wide, 20 meters long, and 36 meters tall, weighing
550 tons. It cost $500,000 and was the size of a 10-story building. We
needed 89 of them. The pillars for each jacket were two meters thick
and their supporting piles were each 65 meters in diameter. In addition,
the limestone bedrock was too weak as a support. Thus, no matter how
much cement we poured in, the concrete would never be able to support
the structure. We were forced to transport even the granite and concrete
slabs from Korea to form the base for the steel jacket.
Everyone opposed the idea, but I was undeterred. Time is money,
and there was no time to waste. Even if the decision seemed unrealistic,
I had the confidence that I would succeed. Of course, others thought I was
making a stubborn gamble. But I didn't hesitate. The other international
businesses laughed at us as we began moving the jackets and concrete
slabs from Ulsan to Jubail.
Go ahead, I thought, laugh at us and talk badly about us. We will
make you eat those words someday.
The barges needed to make 19 round trips. My workers knew that
I never reversed a decision, so they suggested that we at least buy some
insurance. I told them that we didn’t need it. I ignored the advice about
insurance and instead figured out a way for the steel structures to float,
Chapter 5: Drama in the Middle East and the Milestone Year, 1980 | 179
Chung Ju-yung at the Jubail Industrial Port construction site, 1978.
in case they were knocked into the sea by a typhoon. I also ordered the
development and installation of a computer program which would be
used on the barges in areas with rough seas battered by typhoons and
monsoons. From the Ulsan shipyard I ordered three tugboats with 10,000
horsepower, three large-scale 15,800-ton barges, and three 5,000-ton
barges to be built in the shortest amount of time possible.
After lacking work during the oil shock, the Ulsan shipyard began
working at full capacity on the equipment for the Jubail Industrial Port.
A one-way trip usually took about 35 days, and on average one barge
departed Ulsan every month, arriving safely in Jubail.
During all the trips there were only two minor incidents. One time,
in the Strait of Malacca, one of the barges collided with a ship from
Taiwan, and one of the jacket pipes was bent. Another time, one of the
smaller barges was lost off the coast of Taiwan in a typhoon, but was
180 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
later recovered in the nearby seas.
The world laughed, but their laughter was silenced by our success.
They were surprised to learn that the Ulsan shipyard was already
constructing the beams to connect the jackets. The beams were 20 meters
in length and needed to be installed with absolute precision in the jackets.
Installing the 500-ton jackets, 20 meters apart from each other, in the
rolling waters of a 30-meter deep ocean with an error of less than five
centimeters was thought impossible.
It was the practice of established businesses from first world nations
to build the beams after the jackets were installed. If the error in the
distance was more than five centimeters, the beams would have to be
thrown out. The Saudi directors made a big fuss and called for the beam
construction to be halted, but we were devoted to our plan and united
in our resolve to do it our way. They all said it couldn't be done.
Shortening the construction time is a highly risky but highly
rewarding practice. It is impossible to shorten the time if you play it
safe. Any development and growth requires taking risks. We shipped the
beams from Ulsan to Jubail on the barges and installed them in the 89
jackets. There was not a single error. All 89 jackets were installed perfectly.
We shocked the world.
After Jubail, we won contracts to build the Ras al Ghar Port, Al
Khobar, housing in Jeddha, Kuwait’s Shuaiba Port, a power plant in
Dubai, a sewage disposal facility in Basra, among others. We won those
contracts due to our ample supply of inexpensive labor. From 1975 to
1979, Hyundai earned approximately $5.1 billion in foreign currency.
60 percent of our profits were from overseas construction projects.
Perhaps Hyundai's rapid growth stemmed from our civil engineering
experiences with the U.S. military during the Korean War. Of course,
Hyundai's beginnings were in civil engineering, but by the 1960s we were
already involved in power plants. If we were the best in civil engineering,
we could be the best in constructing plants.
Chapter 5: Drama in the Middle East and the Milestone Year, 1980 | 181
The Jubail Industrial Port, Saudi Arabia.
Hyundai got involved in new ventures at every opportunity. Our
lack of experience in any industry did not dissuade us from trying. By
1959, we had built a prototype power plant in Naju that powered the
Honam Fertilizer Plant. As economic development began in earnest after
the military coup of 1961, we became more active with our construction
of the Gamcheon, Samcheok, Youngweol, Gunsan, Incheon power plants,
and nuclear facilities. We also constructed the Soyang River Dam and
the Chungcheong Dam, and other large scale dam projects including
hydroelectric power plants. As a result, there was virtually no kind of power
plant that we didn’t have our hands in. More than any other construction
182 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
company, Hyundai Construction and Engineering Co., Ltd. was forged
through power plant projects.
We accumulated much technological knowledge and used that as
the basis from which to enter the international market. The well-timed
construction of the shipyard provided the lateral assistance that created
the Hyundai Construction of today. Take away “heavy industries” and you
couldn't speak of Hyundai's overseas construction. Take away the overseas
construction, and you couldn't speak of Hyundai Heavy Industries. If it
hadn't been for the success of Hyundai Construction in the early 1970s,
the success in the Middle East would have been impossible in the mid-
1970s. If we had not succeeded in the Middle East, we would have never
achieved the success and growth that we have today.
Our determination to build the shipyard and transform Hyundai
into a heavy industry company could not have come at a more opportune
time. The winning of the bid for the Bahrain shipyard in October 1975
established us as a mid-sized player in international construction. Four
years later, when the bid for the Saudi-Bahrain Causeway came up, we
had risen so rapidly we were included in the top five companies bidding
for the project. The eyes of the world were on us. Due to the intimacy
of Hyundai Heavy Industries and Hyundai Construction, we were able
harness all our collective experiences to help with transportation and
achieve rapid growth. Hyundai earned twice as much foreign currency as
any other Korean construction company, through the organic relationship
between heavy industry and construction.
Of course, the most valuable asset Hyundai possessed was its
people. From 1958, I recruited new workers faster than any other Korean
construction company. From the very beginning, I was fortunate to
attract and retain people of exceptional skills who powered Hyundai.
Without them, Hyundai would not have succeeded.
Chapter 5: Drama in the Middle East and the Milestone Year, 1980 | 183
The “thinking bulldozer”
For a long time I was known as “the bulldozer.”
I don’t think this nickname came just from my hard-driving work
ethic. I imagine that comparing me to a heavy steel body that drives over
piles of rubble was not meant to be flattering. It was meant to depict me
as an uneducated upstart who dug up the ground first, and thought about
it later. Iw ould like to address this image of myself before moving on.
It’s obvious that I did not receive much schooling. But not receiving
formal education does not mean one is lacking in wisdom. It is a mistake
to think that broad and deep knowledge can only be obtained through
formal schooling.
I think harder, work harder, have greater courage, and am more active
than others. Before starting any project, I spend an enormous amount
of time and effort thinking, analyzing, and planning every detail. When
it is time to implement these plans, it may look like I am working off
the cuff, or even recklessly, but if Ih adn't first sat down and planned
everything out, the Hyundai Group of today could never have existed.
When attempting something difficult, people utter the words “wrong”
or “impossible.” They said we couldn't build a highway so cheaply. They
said because of Hyundai, all the other Korean construction businesses
went under. They said it was crazy for us to build a shipyard. They said
it wasn't possible to move heavy underwater equipment by barge from
Ulsan to Jubail. It wasn’t just once or twice that I received this kind of
treatment from people. People who only thought with their common sense
and shunned adventure often found my way of doing things ridiculous
and ignorant.
I am someone who believes that if a person limits themselves to
the fixed ideas inherent in common sense, they will not be very creative.
People with a strong will to succeed have unlimited potential and creative
abilities. By bringing together all of this potential, the collective energy
184 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
of a people can be unleashed.
My motto is “shorten the time.” This was the surest way for
improvement. Yet there are always people stuck in their rigid ways of
thinking, content to waste time and money.
When we worked on the Jubail project, we had to make 160,000
drill bits to build the breakwater and shore protection structures. If
we built 200 every day, it would take us 800 days to make 160,000. But
at the site, the workers were making them one at a time instead of using
a mold to mass produce them. Their sorry excuse for this wasteful effort
was that the molds weren't the right height to fix onto the end of the
cement trucks.
When I saw this, I was furious. Why did these people have brains
if they weren't going to use them? It didn’t take a genius to realize that
the outflow ramp for the concrete on the trucks needed to be raised to
fit the molds. If they just followed this simple solution, they wouldn't
need a crane, and they wouldn't waste time and energy. They couldn't
think to adjust the concrete mixer truck, thinking it was unchangeable.
Would the gods punish them for making some small adjustments? After
I made the changes, we went from 200 per day to 350 per day.
Constructing blocks at the sloped wharf of the Kuwait Shuaiba
Port was difficult. We needed to make 80 blocks per day, but we were
struggling to even make 20. We had to find a way to increase production.
After much deliberation, we were able to solve the problem using special
screeding equipment on a barge that could be adjusted with a winch.
The adjustment could be done even if a person didn’t go directly into
the water. Clever solutions like these made me realize that people who
are slavish to conventional thinking will never come up with good ideas.
If you only think in accordance with what you learned through books,
your imagination will be limited to that.
Another time, we couldn't install a large scale automatic crane at
the shipyard docks. Because of this, we needed to use all our creativity to
Chapter 5: Drama in the Middle East and the Milestone Year, 1980 | 185
find a way to transport the large blocks and 30,000 horsepower engines.
The unit assembly parts needed to be moved 12 meters to the dock
floor by a special trailer. But we had to wait until the Goliath crane was
installed if we wanted to move the first ship to the third dock after the
assembly of the bow was finished. Our technicians came up with a
solution to the problem that sounded like it came out of a textbook.
We needed three months until we could install a Goliath crane.
Wasting those three months was not an optionT.o keep to the schedule,
we could not pause. I asked our technicians, “Is it theoretically possible
to load the blocks in a trailer and use the bulldozer to pull them down the
hill to the dock?” They responded, “If we can do that, why wait for the
Goliath crane?” From this simple question, we were able to successfully
move the first ship without using the crane.
If you search for a method, it will come to you. If you can't come up
with a method, it’s because you didn’t think hard enough. The construction
project that others said would take five years only took us two years and
three months. “Others build the shipyards first and the ships later.” This
was the kind of lazy thinking that propelled me to go my own way.
The Hyundai of today was built by pushing aside all of our problems
like a bulldozer. My performance as a bulldozer in thought, calculation,
and prediction was the product of a modest intellect. By thinking and
trying harder than others, I continued to push ahead in all my endeavors.
Giving back to society through the Asan Foundation
In October 1975, the government selected 105 companies to go public.
Public opinion demanded that businesses be more responsible to the
needs of society. During this time, Hyundai Construction had one of
the highest earnings of any company in all of Korea.
Despite government efforts at persuasion and the demands from the
public, Hyundai Construction was not yet listed on the stock market,
186 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
even as late as the middle of 1977. I didn’t think Hyundai Construction
should be a publicly traded company. If we made Hyundai Construction a
public company, even by selling half of our stock, I would personally stand
to gain about 40 to 50 billion won tax-free. With Hyundai’s record of
performance and its credit rating, we would have no trouble selling shares.
But I wondered what would be gained by doing this. If we went
public, we would have to pay dividends to those who bought shares. But
the only people who could buy those shares were the ones with money
to spare. Korean society at the time had more people who could not
afford to buy stock than those who could. I believed it was the greater
responsibility of the company to return its profits to the people who
needed it most. I believed the better thing to do would have been to
help the poor, the sick, and the underprivileged young people.
Korea began its first five-year economic plan in 1962. By 1965, the
growth rate had risen to 9.4 percent, but by 1976 it had fallen back to
3.6 percent. During that time, those living in absolute poverty fell from
41 percent to 12 percent. But 12 percent was still too high. The pursuit
of rapid economic growth had worsened the plight of the poor and
increased the disparity between urban and rural areas. In 1970, the average
income of farmers was three-quarters the amount of city laborers. 45.5
percent of city dwellers were high school graduates, but only 20.7 percent
of those in the countryside were. 15 percent of the urban population
attended college, compared to 1.6 percent from rural areas. Worse still,
70 percent of hospitals were in either Seoul or Busan, and 87 percent of
doctors worked in cities. A third of all farmers had no access to a doctor.
I thought about all of the hard work of Hyundai Construction
workers. Without the effort of all those who toiled and sweated in the
Middle East, Hyundai Construction would not have been able to grow
as it did. OnJ uly 1, 1977, I put 50 percent of my personal stock in Hyundai
Construction into forming the Asan Social Welfare Foundation. 1 decided
to put approximately five billion won of company profits into it each year.
Chapter 5: Drama in the Middle East and the Milestone Year, 1980 | 187
Chung Ju-yung announcing the establishment of
the Asan Foundation at a press conference, 1977.
The individual is the foundational unit of society. The family, city,
and country—all of them are made of people. Only together can we create
a healthy and capable society, as well as a stable, prosperous country.
Of all the things that people suffer from, sickness and poverty are
two of the worst, and they are often interrelated. When you are sick, you
can't work, and when you can't work, you become poor. Likewise, when
you are poor, you cannot afford to pay your healthcare bills. When setting
up the Asan Foundation, I was thinking about how to best make use of
the Hyundai Group’s wealth to alleviate this suffering. Of course, we
cannot cure all the ills of the world. ‘The people that worked at Hyundai
were healthy, educated, and skilled because they received help. ‘The notion
that you help yourself first and then use whatever is left over to help the
underprivileged, is misguided and unrealistic.
Because the public had seen some chaebols*' merely putting up signs
188 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
for welfare foundations as a way to save taxes or make illicit profits,
there was a risk that the Asan Foundation would also be seen yet
another of this kind. In order to make sure that there would be no such
misunderstanding, I outlined in detail all the work that the foundation
would undertake in its first five years.
It was my dream for the Asan Foundation to be second only to the
Rockefeller and Ford Foundations in America. I decided to focus our
efforts in four areas: medicine, social welfare, research and development,
and scholarships. On September 19, 1977, we held the groundbreaking
ceremony for the Jeongeup General Hospital, in order to help areas
lacking medical infrastructure. We went on to construct five more general
hospitals in a year and a half, including the Boseong, Injae, Boryeong,
and Yeongdeok Hospitals, the last of which was completed on February
Figure 3. Asan Hospitals
,
November 1, 1996
Geumgang Asan Hospital
September 1, 1989
December 1, 1989
Asan Medical Center *
June 23, 1989
Boryeong Asan Hospital S
February 9, 1979 Yeongdeok Asan Hospital
March 31, 1979
Jeongeup Asan Hospital 5
July 1, 1978
Boseong Asan Hospital >
November 21, 1978
Chapter 5: Drama in the Middle East and the Milestone Year, 1980 | 189
The Asan Medical Center in Seoul.
4, 1979. In 1989, we opened the Asan Medical Center in Seoul and the
Hongcheon Hospital and took over the operation of the Geumgang
Hospital. For all of this construction, we spent 10 billion won.
We opened the Asan Institute for Life Sciences and established
the College of Medicine at the University of Ulsan. The Asan Medical
Center in Seoul, with the best medical facilities in the country, performed
the first successful heart transplant operation in Korea. In 1995, the Asan
Foundation was awarded the Republic of Korea Business Culture Prize.
In total, there were 4,326 sickbeds in all of the Asan Foundation’s nine
hospitals, and we expanded the reach of modern medicine to marginalized
members of society through free treatment centers. To this day, more
than 80,000 patients have received free treatment at one of our hospitals.
Beginning in 1989,we established the Asan Service Award for dedicated
practitioners of social welfare, in order to promote a sense of ethical
190 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
awareness in society.
Hyundai Construction and the Hyundai Group became the sincerest
and most passionate investors in the country. The good thing about
Hyundai Construction’s financial structure is that it has allowed me, as
majority shareholder, to turn over almost all of my dividends to the
foundation. This has enabled the Asan Foundation to tower above all
the other social welfare groups in the country, help the needy and spread
hope. It is my wish that the foundation can continue to develop for
another 100 or even 200 more years.
Today, 50 percent of my Hyundai Construction stocks support the
Asan Foundation, and I continue to contribute as much of the company’s
stock revenue as I can. This is Hyundai’s way of giving back to society.
Having achieved success as a businessman myself, the most meaningful
thing I can do is help those who are still struggling.
Korea’s business leader
During Japan’s 35-year occupation of Korea, the Japanese colonialists
controlled everything. They took our few, precious natural resources
and commandeered the nation’s economy. Only a few companies, such
as Daeryuk Rubber Shoes and the Kyungbang Textile Corporation,
belonged to Korean people back then.
After the impoverished and humiliating years of Japanese
colonization, Korea was liberated on August 15, 1945. Following more
than two years of U.S.-Soviet occupation over the two halves of the
Korean peninsula, Dr. Syngman Rhee took power in the South. But
before our nation could catch its breath, we were thrown into the horrific,
fratricidal Korean War. After it ended, the era of Syngman Rhee’s
Jayudang, or Liberal Party, was defined by diplomatic uncertainty and
political instability. By 1960, although they had been in power for more
than a decade, Korea was still too poor to build a new bridge over the
Chapter 5: Drama in the Middle East and the Milestone Year, 1980 | 191
Han River. Outraged by the government’s corruption and inefficiency,
the people took to the streets. And in that year, the April 19 Revolution
removed Rhee from power.
After the Rhee government fell, Dr. Chang Myon presided over an
ineffective interim government. During this short-lived Minjudang, or
Democratic Party era, factional infighting and violent street protests
prompted the military to seize power in May 1961. At the time, Korea’s
economy could hardly even be called a proper economy. Manufacturing
in some sectors were just beginning to take root largely fixing up the
infrastructure that the Japanese had left behind but the Korean War
had destroyed.
For most underdeveloped countries, whenever a new regime comes
into power, they start by attacking the wealthy business people in a
misguided attempt to capture popular support. The military government
that came to power in May 1961 was no exception. Twenty business
people, including Lee Chung-lim and Kim Yong-wan, were charged
with tax evasion and sent to jail, spreading fear throughout the business
community. But soon, with pressure and intervention from free market
economies like the U.S., the new government created the Federation
of Korean Industries (FKI), composed of the very men they had earlier
imprisoned. The first chairman was Samsung’s Lee Byung-chul. One
year later, Korea Cement’s Chairman, Lee Chung-lim was elected as
the second chairman of FKI.
At the time, President Park Chung-hee was taking resolute command
of Korea’s economy and was determined to modernize Korea. President
Park decided to trust the poor and inexperienced business people of our
country, and they were told to submit operations plans to the government,
as well as a payment guarantees for foreign loans. President Park's plan
was for businesses to acquire foreign capital, with the government backing
the loans, create modern factories that could produce items to sell both
domestically and abroad. If, by chance, one of the business people didn’t
192 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
follow the business model and went bankrupt, they would immediately
be sent to jail. Hence, business people were basically offering up their own
bodies as collateral for investment that might fail. With government
backing them, us businessmen worked night and day as we took on the
heavy responsibility of modern nation-building. Of course, some could
not overcome all of the ups and downs of the international market, and
there were some businessmen who actually went to jail. But ultimately
Korea’s modernization was the direct result of President Park’s policy of
government providing guarantees for imported foreign capital.
After FKI’s second Chairman, Lee Chung-lim, came Kim Yong-
hwan, Hong Jae-seon, and Kim Yong-hwan. In February 1977, despite
repeatedly turning it down, I became the sixth FKI chairman after a
unanimous vote. The first thing I did as chairman was to find a site to
build FKI headquarters. In November 1979, construction finished.
I had repeatedly refused the appointment because I was already
Chung Ju-yung chairing a meeting of the Federation of Korean Industries, 1980.
Chapter 5: Drama in the Middle East and the Milestone Year, 1980 | 193
Chung Ju-yung with Samsung Chairman Lee Byung-chul,
and POSCO Chairman Park Tae-joon.
busy working 72 hours a week at my own company. I didn’t want to be
FKI’s chairman; I wanted to be Hyundai’s chairman. But I live by the
principle that if you are presented with an opportunity to assume a
position of social responsibility, you must take it and do your best.
Luckily, during the time I was chairman of the FKI, the nation’s
economy was growing and developing rapidly. But I didn’t just want
to develop the domestic economy. I wanted to improve our standing in
the international community as well. Intending to form connections
with several Southeast Asian countries, we created the Korea-ASEAN
Cooperation Office. We also formed economic cooperation committees
with many European countries. We put a great deal of effort into all of
these projects.
FKI conducted research on how to relax regulations on businesses and
create organizational structures by which regulations could be mitigated
or abolished altogether. We incessantly lobbied the government to act
194 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
on the findings of this research. To raise Korea’s competitiveness, we
needed interest rates on par with neighboring countries. That is,w en eeded
lower interest rates. To achieve this, we had to continuously hound the
institutions that made these decisions.
We also suggested making the private economy more cohesive. That
was more than 20 years ago. But even today there are many unnecessary
and illogical regulations in place, interest rates are still too high, and the
private economy has not reached its full potential.
But there is a particular story I would like to share.
In 1977, the government sought to reform the tax system to eliminate
corporate tax deductionsT.h e deduction of balanced dividends after the
payment of corporate taxes was eliminated. Now, under the new law, these
tax deductions would not be recognized. There were no other countries
in the world that had such tax regulations. On top of having the highest
marginal income tax rate of 70 percent, 20 percent more would be added
on. If you made above a certain level, you would pay 89 percent in taxes.
It was an outrageous law.
During the Joseon Dynasty,” tenant farmers were allowed to keep
30 percent of what they produced, and they didn’t even own the farms.
But businesses that had invested their own capital now had to pay 89
percent of their earnings in taxes. Moreover, it was contrary to the right
to private property. In a free, democratic society, such a law would be a
constitutional threat undermining the fundamental order of the country.
This could not be allowed. For one month, I spent nearly every day
summoning and mobilizing company chairmen, including the four heads
of the major business interest groups (the Korea Chamber of Commerce
and Industry, Korea Employers Federation, the Federation of Middle
Market Enterprise of Korea, Korea Federation of SMEs). We went to
the deputy prime minister and the directors of finance, commerce, and
national tax to convince them about the outragEousness of the law. Im et
with the speaker of the National Assembly and the finance committee
Chapter 5: Drama in the Middle East and the Milestone Year, 1980 | 195
chairman and other related leaders. I lodged vociferous protests against the
unfairness of the law to the finance and legislation-judiciary committees. It
was a systematic and organized resistance by the business sector starting in
September 1978. Because I was not afraid of the government or politicians,
I know that I was a thorn in their sides.
In 1981, the Fifth Republic government asked for my resignation
from FKI chairmanship.* “The chairman of the FK1 is selected by its
members. It is not appointed by the government,”I said. In a blow to the
hardline regime, I was reelected with overwhelming support. I wanted to
use the influence I had over the economic world to protect its autonomy
and independence. I was going to do this my way. The times called for
smaller government and free market economy to boost our competitiveness,
but the government and economic bureaucrats were going against the
times by introducing more regulations and interfering in business. If a
business did not suit their taste, they could make them disappear into thin
air overnight.
Despite their formidable political clout, I took advantage of every
opportunity to try and persuade the bureaucrats, scholars, and politicians
that our future lay in the free market economy. I even gave a lecture to
the bureaucrats on “The Roles of Government and Business,” in which
I argued that the government should reduce regulation, refrain from
interfering in the market, and respect the creativity and freedom of
the business sector. I pointed out that the government deciding which
business should go into which industry was not only inefficient, but
produced insolvent businesses which then the government inevitably
would have to bail out. Because government interference limited free
competition, our global competitiveness would also suffer, thereby saying
our economic vitality. My severe criticisms and rebukes of their policies
upset these powerful bureaucrats.
These lectures had negative repercussions for Hyundai. But I didn't
let up on my criticisms or suggestions. No matter how uncertain the
196 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
world became or how much the company had to endure, I knew I was
right. For the sake of national economic development, someone had to
offer criticisms and suggestions. That was my responsibility as chairman
of the FKI.
I also fought against the criticism that corporations were only out to
make money. “A corporation’ first goal is to make a profit and create jobs,”
I retorted. ‘The profits that a company makes are returned to the government
via taxes, which improves social welfare. Ia rgued that the government’s
role was to expand social welfare and implement redistribution policies.
The essence of a business is the return of profits to society, but this
idea was unknown to them. Developing the private economy meant
allowing a business to grow from a small store to a medium size enterprise,
to a big corporation, to a global conglomerate. This kind of development
and consequent social improvement can be realized if the government
prioritizes the development of the private economy. The best strategy is
to develop the private sector so that the growth of business serves as a
base for the improvement of social welfare and fair distribution. This is
the role of a business and this is the role of the government. Mandating
a company return all of its profits to society goes against the concept of
free markets and an open, democratic society.
FKI is a group comprised of well-intentioned competitors, and
people of different stripes. In the 10 years I was chairman, there was never
an item up for a vote that wasn’t decided unanimously. We rejected the
pressure the government would sometimes seek to exert and tried our
best to maintain neutrality from various political controversies.
Through five elections in 10 years, I acted as a leader of the civilian
economy. In my own way, I argued for the cause of free markets and I
believe I contributed greatly to strengthening Korea’s economy.
Chapter 5: Drama in the Middle East and the Milestone Year, 1980 | 197
A difficult late 1970s
Hyundai became a Fortune 500 company in 1976. It was also this year
that Hyundai Construction received the government’s medal for reaching
the milestone of $1 billion in exports and Hyundai Shipbuilding for
reaching $900 million in exports. It was also in 1976 that Hyundai
Constructions’ total sales surpassed the 100 billion won mark to reach
135 billion won.
The next year was just as busy as the year before. In January 1977,
we won the bid to construct the Daechong Dam in Korea. In March, we
unveiled the Pony automobile at the Geneva International Automotive
Show. We were also constructing the Ras al Ghar Port in Saudi Arabia
and the Diplomat Hotel’s foundation in Bahrain. We won the service
contract for Pyeongtaek Thermal Power Plant units one and two. We
started construction at the Weolseong Nuclear Power Plant unit three,
the Seongsan Bridge, the Gori Nuclear Power Plant unit two, Saudi
Arabia’s Asir phone company, and Kuwait’s Shuaiba Port. Hyundai
Shipbuilding won a contract for 11 large-scale cargo ships from Nigeria,
and with the American company McDermot, we got a contract to build
a special large-scale marine repair ship.
In 1978, The Washington Post reported that the value of our overseas
contracts (totaling $1.9 billion) was the fourth largest in the world.
We were 98" on the Fortune 500 list. Time, Newsweek, and the French
publication L’Expresse mislabeled Ulsan as “Hyundai City” in their coverage
of Korean business. And the same year, we bought through a competitive
bidding process the government’s stakes in what were then state-owned
Incheon Iron and Korea Aluminum, which were bleeding money.
If you have a successful business, you are often viewed as having an
excessively cozy relationship with the government. But I have always
tried to do what was right and up to that point, Hyundai had never
taken over another company. All of my businesses were built the way
198 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
my father worked his farm, by removing rocks to clear the land, and by
building one’s house from scratch. It is not in my nature to take over
someone’s business. I am sure they worked just as hard as I did. How
could I take that over, just because it wasn’t doing well? I know what
it’s like to create and manage a company and pour all your blood, sweat,
and tears into trying to make it succeed. Buying someone else’s company
at a dirt-cheap price is like using their misfortunes as a stepping-stone
to increase my own profits. For those reasons, Ih ated doing such things,
and I still do. So if I want to be in a particular business, then | will start
it myself. I also refused to take over other companies to disabuse people
of the notion that Hyundai’s rapid growth was built on “free riding,”
spurred on by collusion with the government.
Even though I felt uneasy, there were three reasons why I ultimately
took over Incheon Iron and Korea Aluminum. First, the government’s
demand that state-owned enterprises be privatized was something I
could not ignore forever. Second, large quantities of steel and aluminum
were essential to shipbuilding. Third, Incheon Iron and Korea Aluminum
were state-run businesses.
In 1979,w e rose to 78" place on the Fortune 500 rankings with total
sales of $3.6 billion. But by the summer of 1978, the Iranian Islamic
Revolution had begun, and 1979 was the beginning of some of my
deepest worries.
The year began in an unusual manner.
On January 7, 1979, a telegram arrived.
We had three construction sites in Iran. Because of the political
turmoil, our staff members were ordered to abandon and evacuate.
During this evacuation, one bus rolled over in heavy fog, killing five and
injuring 20.1 promised to safely bring back the injured and the bodies
of the dead. Ordering an immediate and safe evacuation of the rest of
our personnel, I dispatched our overseas construction director, Park
Kyu-jik, to Iran. ‘Tragically, deaths and injuries are common on worksites.
Chapter 5: Drama in the Middle East and the Milestone Year, 1980 | 199
Each time a worker, seeking a better life for their family, leaves home,
only to pass away suddenly in a remote land, I feel I am responsible for
their families’ grief. But instead of trying to bring back the dead, I try
to focus on howI can help their surviving family members. I have always
tried to find jobs for the surviving members of deceased workers within
the Hyundai Group.
By January 29, twenty days after I dispatched Director Park, 400
laborers and staff had been evacuated from Iran by a special plane
donated by Korean Air. It was a massive evacuation effort that could
have come straight out of a movie. I learned an important lesson through
this expensive evacuation. After that, whether in Saudi Arabia or Iraq,
during the Iran-Iraq War, we always had an airtight evacuation plan for
any contingency.
The next month, we defied all the negative expectations of our
competitors and completed the Jubail port in just 32 months, ten months
short of the original plan. But all was not well. In Korea, the Yulsan Group
and the Wonjin Rayon Company went bankrupt. OPEC oil prices rose
59 percent. Gas prices in Korea skyrocketed. Inflation was out of control
to the point where no one had an optimistic view of our country’s
economic prospects. In the midst of all this, Korea’s political scene was
in chaos. Massive anti-government protests showed that the nearly 20-
year rule of the Republican Party was coming to an end. The regime’s
collapse seemed imminent.
On October 26, 1979, President Park Chung-hee was assassinated
by Korea’s CIA director Kim Jae-kyu.
The assassination shook me deeply.
Like me, President Park was the son of a farmer. We both shared a
desire to free our descendants from the scourge of poverty. We shared
the same “can do” spirit in any situation and a clear sense of purpose.
We shared the same convictions and took strong, decisive actions to
accomplish our goals. We also shared a bond over our dreams for the
200 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
country’s development. We recognized each other’s abilities and relied on
each other. We spent many hours together. He was truly a leader with no
ulterior motive. Without seeking personal gain, President Park pursued
economic policies, which propelled the economy forward. Hyundai’s
growth was only possible because of President Park’s leadership and
economic foresight. I believe his economic policies were his greatest
virtue.
Today, Korea produces over 10 million cars. We have a per capita
income of $10,000. This is President Park's legacy.
When President Park died, many observers predicted that Hyundai’s
demise was imminent. After all, Hyundai had evacuated from Iran.
Saudi Arabia had restricted the amount of possible contracts. And most
importantly, my greatest supporter was dead. But even as the economy
contracted by 5.7 percent in 1980, Hyundai nearly doubled overall sales
from 606.6 billion won to 1.05 trillion won.
Removing the martial law commander, Chung Seung Hwa, General
Chun Doo-hwan began to solidify his grip on power. On December 12,
1979, Chun pushed aside his competitors within the army and seized
control of the government.
Hyundai Heavy Industries under siege
On May 31, 1980, the Special Committee for National Security Measures
(SCNSM) was formed, ushering in the “National Security Committee
era.” During this period, government-sponsored industries were recklessly
promoted, regardless of the actual state of market conditions. The economy
was thrown into turmoil. For honest, hardworking business people, this
was a dark time.
Domestic heavy and chemical industry had been suffering from
financial difficulties since the end of the 1970s. The first reason was the
intense competition between companies following the unveiling of the
Chapter 5: Drama in the Middle East and the Milestone Year, 1980 | 201
“1973 Heavy and chemical Industry Promotion Plan.” From 1973 to
1979, of the 21 trillion won that the country invested, nearly 20 percent
was in the heavy and chemical industry-related sectors. Ninety percent
of factory construction was dependent on this sector. Overinvestment
caused prices to rise. In April 1979, the government laid out it’s
“Economic Stabilization Plan,” and for the first time since Korea’s
modernization, stability rather than growth became the overarching goal
of the government. The very first step in this stabilization process was
the regulation of heavy and chemical industry investment. In April-
May 1979, these regulations were implemented.
The crux of this policy centered around Hyundai Heavy Industries,
Hyundai International, Daewoo Heavy Industries, and Samsung Heavy
Industries. Previously, all four companies produced power generators,
but this new policy entailed combining the companies into two. Hyundai
Heavy Industries was to merge with Hyundai International. Daewoo and
Samsung Heavy Industries were to merge their facilities. Hyundai Heavy
Industries would take over management of Hyundai International.
Unfortunately, President Park’s assassination on October 26 suspended
the merger of Daewoo and Samsung.
As the new SCNSM assumed power, the “heavy and chemical
industry investment regulations” reemerged in a new form. With the
help of a controlled media, the SCNSM used reforming the economy
as an excuse to interfere in private business. The centerpiece of these
regulations was the merger of the automotive and power generator
equipment industries. Such a misguided plan completely neglected the
technological skills, business structure, and management abilities of the
companies concerned.
As Hyundai was the main force in both of these fields, we found these
regulations to be completely unacceptable. Expecting a backlash from
business, the SCNSM summoned each of their managers, and coaxed or
pressured them into supporting the plan. When it was my turn,I had to
202 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
endure the insufferable pressure to accept these misinformed regulations.
I still remember sitting and having to listen to someone from the
SCNSM who knew nothing about industry or the economy shamelessly
give his baseless opinions. I continued to oppose the plan by going over
the heads of the SCNSM to the Ministry of Trade and Industry.
One day, I was called back for another meeting. Chairman Kim
Woo-choong of Daewoo had already arrived. After explaining the plan
to merge the automotive and power generator industries, a man from
the SCNSM asked Chairman Kim if he was in favor of the plan.
“Yes, Ia m in favor,” was his short reply.
Then they turned to me.
“Chairman Chung, you're in favor too, aren't you?”
In favor! As if I would support this outrageous plan!?
“I am not in favor,” I declared.
The SCNSM man’s complexion changed, and he started to berate
me: The country was trying to reform and overcome its current economic
crisis. At this crucial juncture, why wasn't I falling into line, and instead
continuing to oppose the government's policy? Just look at the cooperative
Chairman Kim.
After he was done, I asked him not to interrupt until I was finished
speaking. I laid out the fundamental philosophy by which I developed
Hyundai.
“T’ve been in charge of everything I do. I prepare the ground, drive
the first post, and pave the road. I know where and how I will build my
factories. 1a m a man who doesn’ pass the buck to someone else, whether
the business is struggling or profits are soaring. Building a business from
scratch is similar to raising a child to be successful. I devote everything
to it. I have not had a single failure. Unlike some others, I have never
done a hostile takeover. I despise that kind of business. I have always
won fair and square.”
Chairman Kim had sat quietly and shown no reaction. Then
Chapter 5: Drama in the Middle East and the Milestone Year, 1980 | 203
unexpectedly, he piped up and questioned my defiance of the SCNSM.
Because he got a special deal from SCNSM allowing him to choose cars
and power generating equipment, Chairman Kim dared not defy his
benefactors.
I resented being on the receiving end of such verbal humiliation from
a young guy who didn’t know anything about business or management.
Even as I insisted that I would not defy SCNSM, I maintained my
resistance. So they proceeded to separate me from the three others I came
with, Chung Se-yung, Lee Myung-bak,** and Lee Hyun-tae, to offer
each of us different deals comprised of various sticks and carrots.
I requested a two-week reprieve and received one week. As we
continued to resist these men who thought they could do anything they
wanted, they discovered that Hyundai was no pushover. Yet, I knew in
my heart that I might be forced to choose an industry. Unbeknownst to
the SCNSM, I privately coveted the automotive industry. At that time,
because Saehan Motors was a 50-50 joint venture between Daewoo
and General Motors (GM), they had to first decide how to get GM to
relinquish their shares if Daewoo were to get the nod. I came to the
conclusion that GM would never give up its shares in Saehan. So I told
SCNSM that Daewoo knew nothing about heavy industry and their
idea of merging automobile companies was bound to fail.
A few days later, I told Chun Doo-hwan that the merger could
never occur because GM would never give up their 50 percent stake in
Saehan. But he insisted that the Minister of Commerce and Industry
had already overseen the sale of GM shares to Daewoo. There was never
a doubt in my mind that what Chun said was true. I wanted to be
responsible and chose the automotive industry.
At the time, the automotive industry was in a difficult predicament.
The year 1980 started off with economic contraction, and high prices for
basic consumer goods meant that demand for automobiles was going to
be low. After Hyundai released its domestically produced car, the Pony,
204 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
it steadily expanded its market share. But our future prospects appeared
bleak. On the other hand, the demand for power generating equipment
was steady because of the government’s development plan. But despite
this, Ic hose the automotive industry.
Hyundai’s roots were in car repair. From early on, I thought that cars
would be my life’s work. A successful automotive industry is indispensable
to the development of the Korean economy. Besides, I could always
reenter the power generator industry later if I chose to. But the nature
of the automotive industry meant that reentry would be very difficult.
Understandably, people expected me to leave the car business, as slow
sales seemed inevitable. My decision to stay with automobiles caught
the government off guard. The SCNSM soon enacted the August 20
Measures, which were the new military government's first decisive action
to regulate heavy and chemical industrial investment. Even as they
were bombarding us with threats and insults, they packaged the plan in
glib language, the “Measures for Modifying Industry Self-Regulation.”
According to these new regulations, Hyundai Motor would absorb
Saehan Motors and would be the nation’s sole automotive manufacturer.
Daewoo Heavy Industries would absorb the power generator sectors
of Hyundai International and Hyundai Heavy Industries. They would
have a monopoly on power generators and heavy industrial equipment.
Ownership of both Hyundai International’s heavy industry equipment
factory in Gunpo and Hyundai Heavy Industries passed to Daewoo.
At the time, Daewoo did not have any heavy industry facilities.
The government was urging a complete takeover of Changwon and
the final conclusion to the investment modification plan. Hyundai poured
a great deal of capital into Changwon Heavy Industries as it was only
operating at partial capacity. The Commerce Ministry ordered Hyundai
International to revert to the condition before the May 25 investment
adjustments and finish the takeover by August 23. We needed to conduct
an appraisal to calculate the value of the assets, but were told to request
Chapter 5: Drama in the Middle East and the Milestone Year, 1980 | 205
the proper papers from the authorities. However, in September, GM
made its preference clear that the previous collaboration and its 50
percent share in Saehan Motors should remain as is.
This was unacceptable. If I gave in to GM’s demands, the effort we
put into developing our domestic cars would go to waste. Hyundai would
also be in danger of becoming merely GM’s contractor for assembly.
The government had pushed us to form a joint venture with GM, but
once that fell through, they told us to form a joint venture with Kia.
When that too failed, the plan to unify the car industry collapsed. The
result was that Saehan (Daewoo) and GM were to continue their joint
venture, and Saehan received permission to make cars. The investment
modifications were not adopted. The government ignored the basic
principle of free market economics. The whole thing ended in failure.
As a result, Daewoo continued making cars and power generators.
I couldn't get back the money Id invested in Daewoo cars, and I resisted
the takeover of our power generator business. But at the time, there
was great pressure to do the takeover. Daewoo sold their headquarters
so that they could pay off their debts. But they wanted to take over
Hyundai’s business first, then pay after. Daewoo tried to send a certified
public accountant to do a value assessment. I told them they couldn't
do that. But with an outrageous threat, they said they would send in
the “special forces” to kick me out if I didn’t comply. Having no other
choice, I was forced to hand over Changwon Heavy Industries. ‘This “take
first, pay after” approach was unprecedented, but the management of
Changwon Heavy Industries proved too much for Daewoo to handle. The
government hastily changed the name to Korea Heavy Industries
and made the company publicly traded. The Korea Electric Power
Corporation, the Industrial Bank of Korea, and Korea Exchange Bank
became its shareholders.
But this wasn’t the end of the government’s tyranny. While we were
moving the power plant headquarters from Ulsan to Changwon, the
206 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
government seized our highly skilled, Hyundai-trained technical staff.
At the time, there were 163 people at the headquarters and 168 at the
factory who had been sent to Changwon. Daewoo needed to retain our
staff if they wanted to maintain the N-STAMP and NPT-STAMP
certification from the American Society of Mechanical Engineers, which
guaranteed the quality of the plant.
I did not budge, despite my serious losses caused by these ridiculous
policies and the government’s repeated attempts to pilfer my highly
trained workers. The SCNSM had issued strict orders to leave my workers
at the Changwon Factory, but in the end I was able to bring them back
to Ulsan.
A dark period
Hyundai used its heavy industry manufacturing base at the Ulsan
shipyard to successfully complete its large-scale construction projects
in the Middle East, including the Jubail port. As we did this, we were
able to develop both our overseas construction and heavy industrial
manufacturing capabilities at the same time. Thanks to this, by the 1970s
we had already established ourselves in numerous heavy industrial fields
including automobiles, ships, engines, industrial plants, power plants,
maritime equipment, heavy electrical equipment, and other heavy
machine tools. Having made a name for ourselves in construction, cars,
and shipbuilding, Hyundai aimed to succeed in foreign markets rather
than domestically in order to integrate into the international business
community. Because we preferred to work alone, I stressed independent
development over collaboration with other companies. The result was
that, starting from a poor state in 1977, our sales continuously rose 28.1
percent in 1978, 8.8 percent in 1979, 55.75 percent in 1980, and 57
percent in 1981.
The investment boom in heavy chemical industries that resulted
Chapter 5: Drama in the Middle East and the Milestone Year, 1980 | 207
from government policies of the second half of the 1970s was completely
different from our style of “diversification in connected industries.”
Without regard for domestic or overseas demand or the required
technological or sales capacity, the rush to blindly invest in these areas
inevitably led to inefficient and overlapping investments. I had developed
a system in which I used experience and technological capacity as the
basis from which to pursue related diversification and meet overseas
demand, and thereby develop heavy industry. Thus, I could never accept
the new military regime’s investment adjustment plans. But despite
my resistance, I was forced to give up the power generator business in
this era of economic irrationality. The car business, briefly unified under
Hyundai, was once again diversified. Hyundai suffered deeply due to all
of these inconsistent and unfair government policies.
I am a person who has always stressed the importance of free
competition, regardless of the industry. By letting weak companies fail,
free competition ensures that there is no excess and no overlap. Artificial
adjustments are unnecessary in a free market economy.
At the time, I criticized the structure of the domestic market for
being bloated and overlapping. I was correct in my view that fostering
free markets in the car, electronic, oil, and chemical industries was
crucial in promoting export-led industrialization.
Other countries that sought to develop heavy and chemical industries,
also went through similar surplus capacity problems. Japan had faced
such issues in the 1960s. The participation of new companies in the steel
industry led to a glut in the equipment market. Honda entered the car
industry and existing manufacturers increased their production capacity
leading to talk of a “Japanese car disaster.” But Japan was aiming for world
markets and pushed ahead, expanding steel equipment production, and
investment in “steel through steel production” continued. As a result, steel
prices dropped and quality rose, especially in downstream machinery and
household product markets. This resulted in a further boost in investment
208 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
in manufacturing. In the aftermath of World War II, Japan’s machine
industry was nearly nonexistent. But thanks to active industrial policies,
Japan rose to become the best in the world.
Since the production of power generators domestically was restricted,
we took on large-scale overseas projects like the Saudi Makkah Power
Plant, the Libya Misurata Power Plant, and the Iraq Al-mussaib Power
Plant. While carrying out construction and engineering tasks for these
projects, we had to depend on foreign companies to supply us with
equipment. In order to win a contract overseas for power plants, one
needed a record of past successful deals. Government officials in Korea
stood in our way.
I have described the crimes of the government. But we can only
speculate on what would have happened if the government hadn't made
those unreasonable and illogical investment adjustments. The power
generator sector would have become diversified through free competition.
With the three lows of the mid-1980s: low gas prices, a good exchange
rate to the dollar, and low international interest rates, we could have
participated in foreign markets far more, power-generator equipment,
automobiles and semiconductors would also have been items for export.
But as we know, the government interfered. People have good reason to
say “the Fifth and Sixth Republics destroyed everything that President
Park accomplished.”*
Throughout the Fifth Republic (1980-1987), businesses were
under constant pressure. But two things stand out. I cannot forget the
government taking away Changwon Heavy Industries from me. And I
cannot forgive the government for putting my brother In-yung in jail.
I think there is nothing more difficult for a man to endure than
war. The struggles during this time were not that extreme. But it was
not easy to run a business while dealing with authorities that had no
qualifications and managing the various political upheavals and regime
changes of the era.

| Chapter6 |
Pp
The 1988 Olympics and Korea’s Fifth Republic
President Park Chung-hee and Korea’s bid for the 1988 Olympics
There were many reasons why I believed that Seoul should host the 1988
Olympics. The Seoul Olympics would contribute to the establishment
of peace on the Korean Peninsula and in Northeast Asia; accelerate
Korea’s economic development and showcase its national strength; help
establish diplomatic relations with communist and non-aligned countries;
and bring the Korean people together to host a major international event.
The story of how a nation this small and this poor could think of
bidding for the Olympics originated with Park Chung-hee. In 1979,
President Park announced Seoul’s bid to host the 24" Olympics. If
successful, the Olympics would be a milestone on the path toward
becoming a developed country.
However, in October of that year, President Park was assassinated
and a fight for power and influence within the military ensuedT.he year
1980 began with fear and anxiety, but by the end of the year, despite
lingering political uncertainty, the Korean government officially submitted
its bid to become an Olympic host-city candidate to the International
Chapter 6: The 1988 Olympics and Korea’s Fifth Republic | 211
Olympic Committee (IOC). In March 1981, the National Olympic
Committees (NOCs), the IOC, and the Global Association of
International Sports Federations (GAISF) sent inspection teams to
Korea to assess Seoul’s qualifications to host the games.
‘The situation then took a turn for the worse. The Sports Bureau
within the Ministry of Culture and Education, which was tasked with
overseeing matters related to the Olympics, submitted a report outlining
the expected budget and various other matters involved in the bidding
process to Prime Minister Nam Duck-woo A pessimist, the prime minister
rejected the report. His view was that, even with a massive nationwide
campaign, beating the Japanese bid would be nearly impossible. He also
believed that, if Korea won the bid, the Olympics would bankrupt the
nation. Other cabinet members echoed the prime minister’s views.
“How many of the 82 IOC votes do you think we will get? At best,
we'll get three or four. We'll get one from Taiwan, one from the United
States, which will use one of its two votes to support Canada’s Winter
Olympics, and we'll also vote for ourselves.” ‘This also reflected the
pessimistic view of Kim Taek-soo, Korea’s IOC representative. Hence,
the general view was that competing against Japan’s bid to hold the
summer games in Nagoya would be a near impossible task.
The government faced a serious dilemma. By this time, Korea had
registered to host the Olympics, the inspection teams had assessed Korea's
qualifications, and Korea had reaffirmed its intention to bid. Reneging
on its commitment was unimaginable. At the same time, Korea had to
proceed with caution. It would be embarrassing if we really did get only
three or four votes and lost to Japan. There were also concerns about a
domestic backlash. Given the overall situation and fearing the burden
of responsibility, the key players strategically distanced themselves from
being involved with the bidding process. Even the mayor of Seoul was
reluctant. I imagine that the Ministry of Culture and Education, the
government agency in charge, was deeply torn.
212 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
Sometime in May, the chief of the Sports Bureau within the
Ministry of Culture and Education unexpectedly handed me a letter of
appointment. Prepared without a word of prior consultation, the order
appointed a private business leader, rather than the mayor of Seoul, to
head the Olympic Bidding Committee. This arrangement was made
ostensibly to apportion the blame should Korea lose its bid to Japan. As
the head of the Federation of Korean Industries (FKI), I was the obvious
candidate to become the “fall guy.” I was later told that my appointment
was suggested by Culture and Education Minister Lee Kyu-ho during
a ministers-only meeting about the Olympics.
My letter of appointment was filled with flattery. According to the
order, they had chosen me because they “hold me in great esteem for
creating something out of nothing, for elevating Hyundai to the status
of a global business force using my strong drive and brilliant wit, for
possessing much experience, for being responsible for a number of
legendary accomplishments, and for enhancing the reputation of Korean
companies abroad.” Reading between the lines,I u nderstood this to mean,
“If Korea is to be humiliated, you, Chung Ju-yung, will be responsible.”
To this day, Ic ontinue to believe that this was the government’s intention.
I was aware of the general mood surrounding the bid for the
Olympics. Nevertheless, I organized the first meeting and invited officials
from the government and various athletic committees to the Lotte Hotel
to discuss the bid. While ministers from all government branches were
placed under my authority as head of the Olympic Bidding Committee,
Culture and Education Minister Lee was the only administration official
present at the meeting. Even the Korean IOC member failed to show up.
The city of Seoul sent one low-level director. Our first meeting was a
pathetic failure.
Tasked Minister Lee how committed the government was to hosting
the Olympics and how much support I could expect from those ministers
who were absent from the meeting. He told me that the bid was ordered
Chapter 6: The 1988 Olympics and Korea’s Fifth Republic | 213
by the President himself. I privately secured the full support of the head
of the Agency for National Security Planning, but members of the Korean
athletic community, including Korean Sport & Olympic Committee
President Cho Sang-ho and General Manager Choy Man-lip, thought
that bidding for the 1988 Olympics would all be for naught.
It was true that spending 800 billion won on the Olympics would
be a daunting financial burden for us at the time. We had witnessed
Canada lose $1 billion at the 1976 Montreal Olympics. But I was never
one to accede to conventional wisdom.
I am a firm believer that everything in life depends on planning.
If something is planned with a loss in mind, you will get a loss, and if
something is planned to fail, then you will fail. The idiotic thing would
be not to host the Olympics. If we were to be given the opportunity to
host, then we could plan in accordance with our unique situation so
that we would not incur losses through failure. My thinking was that
we needed to build subways and highways, even if we did not host the
Olympics. The cost of their construction would be separate from the
Olympic budget. The stadiums and housing we build would last beyond
the Olympics. Making use of private facilities that had already been
built could complement the main stadiums. Other stadiums at nearby
universities simply had to be renovated to satisfy IOC regulations. We
could also address the housing problem without the government having
to spend a cent by encouraging private investors to build new apartment
complexes prior to the Olympics. These apartments could be sold to
private citizens prior to the Olympics to finance their construction.
During the Olympics, these apartments could be used for housing
athletes. We could make similar arrangements for the construction of
new buildings as lodgings for reporters and the press center. These ideas
were part of the general development plan that I outlined.
I elicited a promise from the head of the Agency for National
Security Planning for assistance in enlisting the help of Korean business
214 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
people and using their connections in various countries to contact their
respective IOC members. was convinced that by working cooperatively
with fellow business people and devoting ourselves to one goal, we
would be able to secure the majority of votes required to be selected
as the host city. But I kept this conviction to myself. Telling others that
three or four votes would be an embarrassment for our country as well
as for us business people, I urged them to try their hardest to at least
get enough votes to save face.
I was told that we did not have the budget to build a public relations
center or to shoot a campaign film. I invested 180 million won of my
own money with a guarantee that I would receive full reimbursement
the following year. For the record, even after the successful conclusion
of the Olympics, I never saw that money again.
Going all out in Baden-Baden
By the time we left to attend the Olympic bid event held in Baden-
Baden, Germany, I had finalized the members of the bidding committee.
I had purposefully left out a few individuals assigned by the government
who I considered most likely to regard their assignment as an excuse
for tourism. Instead, Ir ecruited competent people such as Yoo Chang-
soon,” the vice-chairman of KFI who would later serve as prime minister,
and Lee Won-kyung who would go on to serve as foreign minister. My
plan was to arrive in Baden-Baden after making other stops in Europe,
and Ambassador Jun Sang-jin planned to join me later. As promised,
the Agency for National Security Planning recruited private business
people who were skeptical of the idea of bidding for the Olympics.
Before I left in mid-August, Io rdered the Hyundai office in Frankfurt
to prepare to welcome the bidding committee.
My Olympic campaign tour began in London on September 15,
where I attended the IOC General Assembly and met with the head
Chapter 6: The 1988 Olympics and Korea’s Fifth Republic | 215
of the IOC. From there, Ih eaded to Belgium on September 16 and 17
to attend the Korea-EC Symposium, and then on to Luxembourg for
dinner with Prince Jean de Luxembourg. I arrived in Baden-Baden on
September 20.
All Hyundai workers stationed in Frankfurt, along with their wives
and even our female cooking staff, moved to Baden-Baden, where they had
finished setting up a local office and securing housing. These houses served
as a base for all workers to help with the bidding process. The local office
served as headquarters for the committee to begin the bidding campaign.
By September 24-25, almost all the business people had arrived,
including Chairman Cho Joong-Hoon of Korean Air, Chairman Kim
Woo-choong of Daewoo, and Chairman Choi Won-suk of Dong-Ah.
Chung Ju-yung with the Olympics Bidding Committee in Baden-Baden, 1981.
216 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
A few days earlier, an American businessman named Douglas Lee and
Governor Kim Tae-kyung of Gyeonggi Province had arrived as well.
Yoo Chang-soon, Lee Won-kyung, and Lee Won-hong” arrived on
September 24 and Kim Un-yong, president of the World Taekwondo
Federation, and KBS anchor Cha Myung-hee, who served as translator,
arrived on September 20. Japan’s bidding team, including the mayor
of Nagoya, had already arrived in Baden-Baden on the 18", two days
before the opening of the 84 IOC Session and 11 Olympic Congress.
The Japanese team campaigned hard. Korea’s IOC representative and
the mayor of Seoul were nowhere to be seen, even after the opening day.
The Brenners Park Hotel prohibited anyone but IOC members to
enter. Our IOC representative should have arrived early in order for us to
be able to make contact with other IOC members, but our representative
never showed. It was truly infuriating. At the Baden-Baden headquarters
that we had set up, Cho Sang-ho, the head of Korean Sport & Olympic
Committee, was doing his best, single-handedly taking care of almost
all the work. I couldn't help being angry.
I was fuming as I told Cho, who was working hard by himself
in the office: “Do these government officials want to win or not? We're
trying to host the Olympics in Seoul, and the mayor of Seoul doesn't
even bother to show up? And where is our IOC representative?! What
the hell is wrong with these people?!” He simply clucked his tongue,
seemingly of the same mind as me.
We couldn't wait any longer. We called Seoul, tracked down the IOC
representative, who was in Paris, and forced him to get to Baden-Baden
by the 23". The mayor of Seoul finally arrived on the 24".
I am the type of person who keeps to his own schedule. I went for
my daily morning walk and then called a meeting at 7 a.m. to discuss
strategy. We assigned ourselves daily chores, counted the votes, came up
with new strategies, campaigned all day, met in the evening to evaluate
our daily performance, and adjusted our strategy as needed. Embassy
Chapter 6: The 1988 Olympics and Korea’s Fifth Republic | 217
workers and government officials who were unfamiliar with this “Hyundai
way” were initially dissatisfied with the approach. Whether they liked
it or not, I woke up at 5 a.m. every day, took care of my business in Seoul,
the Middle East, and Southeast Asia by making a round of phone calls,
and then began working on the Olympic campaign. Some complained
and some did not take the work seriously, but I held my tongue and
acted as if I did not notice. I continued to remind them of what we were
there to do and urged them on.
Business people and government officials reacted to my management
style differently. Despite their initial disapproval, however, the government
officials all came around. They began listening to what I had to say and
followed my instructions. After our morning meetings, we often spent
all day tracking down IOC members, whether they were at their hotel,
at a villa, or in a restaurant, and we would return to our hotel at around
11 p.m. On more than a few occasions, we would stand in front of their
conference room all day like panhandlers with our business cards
wrapped in rubber bands, waiting for their meeting to end. By the end
of the day, we would return to our rooms exhausted, moaning, “Oh my
God, I’m so tired, I could die.” Ie ven fell asleep once in the bathtub.
Before the bidding committee left Korea, our government instructed
us to “simply avoid humiliation.” But I was determined to “host the
Olympics at all costs.” If successful people gather for the simple goal of
avoiding embarrassment, that, in and of itself, is embarrassing and
shameful. But even when IOC representative Kim Taek-soo finally
decided to show up, he was unhelpful. His negativity only deflated the
morale of those of us who had done all we could. He asserted, “Seoul
will only receive three votes: one from the U.S., one from Taiwan, and
the other from me.” Media representatives gathered in the lobby of the
hotel where the IOC General Assembly was to take place. Next to the
press room was the Nagoya campaign room. ‘The Nagoya team was
brimming with confidence, but there was little to see in their PR room
218 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
except for a few pictures. On the other hand, we were fully prepared
to give it everything we had, even though we knew we might fail.
We asked several former Miss Korea contestants and Korean Air flight
attendants to wear the traditional Korean Aanbok to assist us as guides
and ushers. We also gave out to anyone and everyone small gifts, such as
folding fans, dolls, miniature models of our A-frame carriers, Korean silk
socks, and straw shoes with traditional Korean designs. Within a few days,
our campaign room was bustling with people, while the Nagoya room
next door was pretty much deserted, with the exception of a few flies.
However, the local media coverage was cruel and harsh. The media,
IOC members, and everyone else reacted in amusement, as if we had
stepped into forbidden territory. Local TV and newspaper reporters all
spoke as if Nagoya had already won the bid. If they were correct, we
were facing a situation we had no hope of winning.
At the beginning, nobody was on our side. One foreign newspaper
article accused us of using “Korean geishas,” unfairly portraying Miss
Korea contestants and Korean Air flight attendants as “escorts.”I
immediately placed my son Mong Joon in charge of dealing with this. I
also had former marathon gold medalist Sohn Kee-chung, Cho Sang-ho,
and my sister-in-laJwa,ng Jung-ja,** to serve as guides in the campaign
room. Only then was I able to effectively rebut the accusation that we
had hired geishas.
Our bustling campaign room, which had a constant stream of
visitors, stood in contrast to the empty Nagoya room. Lee Won-hongw,h o
was in charge of media strategy, was busy arranging all my interviews
and tried his best to catch the eye of IOC members by generating
positive coverage.
Caught off guard and realizing that the tide was turning in our
favor, the Nagoya bidding committee launched a counterattack. “How
can Seoul host the Olympics when the two Koreas are in such an extreme
state of conflict? Holding the 1988 Olympics in Seoul would be the
Chapter 6: The 1988 Olympics and Korea’s Fifth Republic | 219
same as not holding them at all.”
North Korea exacerbated the situation. Despite not being a candidate
for the Olympics, the North sent 20 of its people to disrupt our
campaign, causing great anxiety for us. I tried appealing to the North
Korean IOC representative by telling him that we, as Korean people,
cannot support Japan’s bid. I also sent letters asking for North Korea’s
support, and repeatedly told my team members to approach our North
Korean brothers and sisters first, shake their hands, and compliment
them. If the North Koreans throw insults at us, I urged them not to
confront them but to simply listen and smile, so that IOC members
who did not know the Korean language would think that we were loudly
telling each other jokes. I even gave them examples of how they should
act in response to certain types of North Korean behavior. I approached
the North Koreans first, as if we were buddies from the same village.
When I went up to them and said, “Hello, my name is Chung Ju-yung.
I come from Seoul,” many shot back curtly, saying, “Yeah, we know.”
Both Koreas had experienced a bad harvest that year, but I would say
to them, “I hear North Korea had a great harvest this year,” causing
them to let their guard down a little. Then I complimented them on the
North’s splendid mountains and rivers without ever bringing up the
natural beauty of the South. Later on, whenever they saw me, they
approached me first, greeted me, and even told me, “If there were more
people like you living in the South, we would be unified already.”
Rather than trying to convince IOC members from advanced
countries that were already committed to Nagoya, I strategically targeted
overlooked IOC members from the Middle East and Africa. Thanks to
our manager Chae Soo-sam and other Frankfurt workers, Hyundai
was familiar to IOC members from the Middle East. Our construction
projects there and our good reputation was an asset to the campaign. I
made sure to use this to our advantage.
“As you know, the Hyundai businessman will solemnly take full
220 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
responsibility on a project. This Olympics in Seoul is a project of and
for our country. You have nothing to worry about. One day, you too will
host the Olympics. It is very important to demonstrate to the world
that developing countries like us are capable of successfully hosting the
Olympics.”
These were my two main points of persuasion. It appeared to be
working. As a sign of appreciation, I asked my sister-in-law to make
flower baskets for all the IOC members. She brought two flower samples
but told me that the supply of flowers available at flower shops in
Baden-Baden was limited. I told her that if Baden-Baden did not have
enough flowers, she should try to bring them from Frankfurt. Upon
hearing this, she convinced the flower shop to buy a whole flower
garden for us. I told our IOC representative, Kim Taek-soo, that we
should send flower baskets to all IOC members under his name.T o my
surprise, he viscerally opposed the idea.
While I understand that people differ as much in their views as they
do in their looks, I was shocked by Kim’s response. He refused because
he felt that sending flowers was beneath his station. I was left speechless
because I did not understand how pride could have anything to do with
sending gifts that were only meant to give a good impression of Korea.
I could not get through to him. Left without a choice, I had the flower
baskets delivered under my own name to each IOC member’s room.
I could not anticipate the fervent response the flower baskets
generated. After the meeting on the second day, IOC members who
were gathered in the hotel lobby spotted us and came running to thank
us for the flowers. Though they received premium Japanese wristwatches
from the Nagoya team, they appeared more touched by the warmth of our
flower baskets. How many women do you know who don't like a basket of
beautiful flowers? Our flower baskets had the most expensive roses, and
they apparently made the wives of the LOC members extremely happy.
This, in turn, made the husbands happy, and they reminded us of that
Chapter 6: The 1988 Olympics and Korea’s Fifth Republic | 221
when they greeted us wherever we went. We made sure to replace any
baskets of wilted flowers with new ones, right up until the very last day.
The IOC General Assembly hearing, for which we had practiced
countless times, also went well. The six committee members were seated at
a long table, and we took questions after showing a 15-minute promotional
clip about Korea, produced by the National Film Production Center and
KBS. Many IOC members, who thought Korea would look like the
African desert, were shocked to see Korean streets lined with high-rise
buildings. Their common response was, “Is that really Seoul? Seoul looks
no different than Tokyo or even LA!”
‘The crowd stirred. There were some sharp questions directed at us,
but there was nothing that we couldn't answer, thanks to our extensive
preparations. My fellow business people, who came running to help me
with the campaign, worked extremely hard, often spending money out of
their own pockets. President Cho Sang-ho and General Manager Choy
Man-lip of the Korean Sport & Olympic Committee also worked hard.
Everyone who came from Frankfurt, from our female cooking staff,
who cooked us daily meals, to the wives of Hyundai workers, all worked
diligently and in perfect harmony. As the campaign was turning in our
favor, the enthusiasm for Nagoya began to subside.
On September 29, the day before the announcement, a local West
German newspaper reported, “The Summer Olympics will go to Nagoya.
Oblivious to this fact, the Koreans are still lobbying for Seoul.” I heard
a rumor that the Nagoya team celebrated with champagne after reading
the article, but I had already calculated that our campaign had secured
at least 46 out of 79 votes. If I was right, the Olympics would be ours.
On voting day, a cloud of concern and anxiety hung over our staff.
I assured everyone that we would get at least 46 votes, regardless of
what the media were reporting. I challenged anyone to bet against me,
but everybody answered with silence. ‘Their silence was a sign of their
lack of confidence. A few days earlier, Jun Sang-jin, who was in charge
222 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
of updating the daily vote tally, said that we could win. But everyone
else seemed to dismiss him as an overly optimistic, clueless diplomat.
Perhaps he was trying to encourage me or perhaps he was confident in
his own calculations, but he upped the ante. He claimed that we would
get more than 46 votes—50 votes or more. We asked Lee Yeon-taek,
director-general of the prime minister’s office, to serve as a witness to
our 20 deutschemark bet.
It was time for the announcement. We were on our way to the
conference room when the North Koreans suddenly stopped me, as if
they had been waiting for the opportune time: “Mr. Chung, your efforts
are useless. Just go home. It’s over. South Korea is not going to win.
‘The fact that you, Mr. Chung, are still hanging around is exasperating.”
When I demurred, saying that I should at least wait for the official
decision before returning home, they quipped, dripping with sarcasm:
“It’s already been decided. Didn't you see the papers?”I retorted that I
had not seen the reports because I didn’t speak German.
“Go back home. It’s over,” the North Korean repeated.
“How can you say it’s over when voting hasn't even taken place?”
“What’s the point of a vote, Mr. Chung? How many votes do you
think you'll get?”
“Enough to save face.”
“Save face?! Ha! Three votes at most. Three.”
Seeing no point in engaging further, I tersely said, “Three votes
would be enough to save face.”
The time for the official announcement neared. Because the bidding
committees were seated in alphabetical order, Japan was next to us.
It was finally 3:45 p.m.
IOC President Samaranch announced the result of the vote.
I heard only one mispronounced word: “Seh-ool!”
‘There was no need to hear the rest. It was pandemoniumW.e jumped,
we yelled, we frantically hugged each other. We received six votes more
Chapter 6: The 1988 Olympics and Korea’s Fifth Republic | 223
than the 46 votes that I had predicted, defeating Nagoya 52 to 27. The
landslide result astounded me and my team. When I saw the mayor of
Nagoya approaching to congratulate me, streams of tears were dripping
down his cheeks. His tears were those of a man who lost a battle he had
thought was already won. Seeing those tears took me aback. I put myself
in his shoes and suddenly felt very sorry for him.
Chung Ju-yung signing the Summer Olympics Hosting Agreement, 1981.
Starting from seven in the evening, there was a reception hosted
by the city of Seoul to celebrate its victory. The following day, I rented
the best restaurant in Baden-Baden and hosted a party to celebrate the
occasion. On the day Seoul was awarded the Olympics, It old Yoo Chang-
soon to meet with Kim Yoo-soon, the North Korean IOC representative.
Seoul won the bid, but there was no guarantee that the North would
not try to disrupt our efforts. For that reason, we had to meet and talk
with him to try to figure out how the North Koreans would react. We
met with Kim Yoo-soon the next day in the conference room, but after
exchanging only a few words, we were interrupted by a young man with
sunglasses who seemed to be one of the security personnel. Our conversation
was cut short.
224 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
Almost all the IOC representatives came to our celebration party
in Frankfurt, which included a performance by a Korean band. We all
held hands and sang “Arirang,” and I even danced with Sohn Kee-chung.
In the midst of celebrations, however, it was difficult for me to watch
those who had stood idly by or even disrupted our efforts during the
campaign celebrating with us, as if they had forgotten their demoralizing
pessimism. But I said not one word about that.
I didn’t want to say anything. I just wanted to go back and rest at
my home in Cheongun-dong. Cho Joong-Hoon rented a private jet and
got everyone to Paris. But I chose to take a car. My German driver, my
sister-in-law, Lee Byung-kyu, and Mong Joon were in the car with me
for the six hours it took us to reach Paris. During these six hours, I did
not utter a single word.
After the Seoul Olympics were successfully completed, it was
announced that the games had resulted in a surplus of 350 billion
won. Those involved in planning and executing the Olympics received
government medals. However, that 350 billion won surplus was not a
surplus in the traditional sense. The government had operated a lottery
with the Korean public and turned that lottery money into a surplus.
In any Olympics, the host hopes to break even, and breaking even is
considered fortunate. By definition, the games cannot generate a surplus
and shouldn't. When I served as president of the Korean Sport & Olympic
Committee, I had disapproved of using a lottery to generate funds.
The medals that were handed out were not awarded in a fair fashion.
All those ministers who simply stood by, received the Rose of Sharon
Medal of the Order of Civil Merit. Of all those business people who
devoted so much time and money to our campaign in Baden-Baden, I
was the only one who was honored with a medal. The ministers worked
on the campaign because it was their job to do so, and taxpayers paid
their salary. In spite of their lack of effort, they all received the highest
honors. What standards were applied in deciding who should be awarded
Chapter 6: The 1988 Olympics and Korea’s Fifth Republic | 225
the Rose of Sharon Medal? I still do not understand.
The true heroes, the ones that deserved those medals, were the ones
who were running around, trying to make something happen in Baden-
Baden. A group of us who went through hell together call ourselves the
“Baden-Baden Association.” We still meet every September 30 to revel
in our camaraderie over a meal.
Two years and two months: serving on the Korean Sport &
Olympic Committee
The only time I worked for a government organization funded by taxpayers’
money was when I served as president of the Korean Sport & Olympic
Committee for two years and two months, from July 14, 1982, to September
30, 1984.
In July 1982, I met with Minister-at-large, Roh Tae-woo, Minister
of Sports, Lee Won-kyung and Vice-Minister of Sports, Lee Young-ho
at a Japanese restaurant in the Lotte Hotel.
The meeting began with a puzzling greeting, “Congratulations,
Chairman Chung.” It was an occasion to celebrate my appointment as
president of the Korean Sport & Olympic Committee. I declined the
offer because I had neither the ambition to take that position nor the
fortitude to accept an offer that was decided on without my consultation.
I did not want it, and I did not consider myself to be an appropriate
candidate. We argued back and forth until 11 p.m. They argued that the
appointment came directly from the president and to refuse would be
unacceptable. But I did not give in.
The following day, Minister of Sports, Lee Won-kyung, visited my
office unannounced and accompanied me to the Blue House. Nobody
in Korea at the time could refuse to see the president when called upon.
There were even rumors that a businessman had lost all his business
because he had been stuck in traffic and was late to a Blue House dinner.
226 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
Such was the nature of Korean politics.T o avoid winding up in a similar
predicament, you had to go to the Blue House if and when you were
invited. I saluted President Chun. As I was about to sit down, he said,
“Chairman Chung, are you refusing my appointment because it is
beneath you?” Never in my life have I ever considered a job to be beneath
or above me. Nor have I ever considered one job more valuable than
another. I have never in my life considered myself to be above or beneath
anyone, whether I was doing manual labor, working as a clerk at a rice
store, or serving as president and chairman of my own company. I
absolutely detest showing respect or disrespect to a person just because of
their job title. A title is given to someone who has the most appropriate
level of capability to carry out a task. It is a responsibility and nothing
more or less than that. Anyone who is not interested in carrying out his
or her job to the best of his or her ability is a pretender and a rather
pathetic human being.
Regardless of the title, 1h ave never accepted a position in which |
felt I might do a poor job. This was the reason I took the post of director
of planning rather than chairman at the Korean Construction Association.
As someone in the construction business, I hated the idea of being
criticized for using a public post as a way of getting ahead. | relayed this
story to President Chun and politely refused the appointment. “I was
simply involved in the Olympic bidding process. I know nothing about
sports. There are people more passionate about sports than me, and
you should appoint someone who can actually make a difference in
promoting Korean sports.”
As we meet different people during our lives, we often encounter
those with whom we simply cannot communicate, despite speaking the
same language. On that day, President Chun was one such person.
“Even the Athletic Federation under the Korean Sport & Olympic
Committee is a huge deal. Members of the National Assembly are
competing against each other to be in charge of the Athletic Federation.
Chapter 6: The 1988 Olympics and Korea’s Fifth Republic | 227
What I’m offering you is not a lowly position, Chairman Chung.”
Despite my lengthy explanation as to why I could not take the
position, | was already portrayed as someone who refused the offer
because I had considered the job beneath me.
_I told the president, “I do not possess the ability to control these
assemblymen, nor do I have any intention of doing so. Therefore, I will
not be taking this job.”
He replied, “Well, I’m going to get rid of all the assemblymen and
assign various chairmen of private corporations to those positions. This
will be more or less the same as serving as president of the Federation
of Korean Industries. Chairman Chung, this is not a lowly position.”
No matter what I told him, the president kept reiterating that the
position was not beneath me. I declined the offer once again. Minister
Lee, who I’m sure was as frustrated as I, intervened. He asked me to take
the job, even if for just a short while. I had no choice. I saw no hope of
getting my true feelings across. I felt that the only way I could convince
people that I did not consider the job to be beneath me was to eventually
accept the offer. I left the Blue House as president of the Korean Sport
& Olympic Committee under the condition that I would only serve for
one year.
I ended up serving longer than one year because of the Olympics in
Los Angeles. I am sure that I was thoroughly unpopular to many workers
in the government and the people in the sports community during my
26 months as president. First of all, I did not give anybody the satisfaction
of believing that the committee would spend excessively due to its wealthy
president. Given my busy schedule and the fact that there were many
other things that required my attention, it was enough that I was allocating
time and effort to the Olympic Committee. I was not going to spend a
cent of my own money on it. If the Committee appointed me because
it considered me a fool who would throw my own money around, they
were sorely mistaken.
228 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
My relationship with the Blue House was on shaky grounds. When
the time came to choose the Korean team leader for the Olympics,
which many consider to be the ultimate honor for an athlete, the Blue
House had requested that I follow its decision. In principle, the right to
select the Olympic team leader belonged solely to the president of the
Korean Sport & Olympic Committee. The Blue House had asked me
to play dead while somebody else made the decision for me. I told them
I could not. They instructed me to make multiple recommendations of
potential athletes.
I refused once again. Then I took the liberty of announcing my pick
to a newspaper. The Blue House must have been furious, but with the
name already out in the open, its hands were tied. When I went to the
Blue House, I made sure they understood that I had no intention of
relinquishing my rights as long as I was in charge. I was prepared to take
full responsibility for my actions.
Recommending someone to be our IOC representative also became
an issue. The Blue House wanted Park Jong-gyu, the former head of the
presidential guard under President Park Chung-hee. Before I left the
Blue House, I explained that we needed someone who had been involved
in athletics and had a knack for international diplomacy. In my opinion,
Park Jong-gyu was not that man.
After I left the Blue House, the government simply appointed Park
as Korea’s IOC representative. Allowing this to happen is one thing
that I feel most uncomfortable and dissatisfied about. My only excuse
was that I simply did not see the value in worsening my already tenuous
relationship with the Blue House.
On September 30, 1984, Korea hosted an international judo event.
We wanted to help the president of the Korea Judo Association become
a vice president of the International Judo Federation. I invited all the
international judo people to dinner. Having drunk heavily with these
macho athletes, If ound myself suffering from stomach cramps the day
Chapter 6: The 1988 Olympics and Korea’s Fifth Republic | 229
after, and I could not get up on time. I was lying in bed when the vice
minister called me. “You are fired from your position as president of the
Korean Sport & Olympic Committee,” he said.
It was my termination notice. There must have been plenty of things
that made me a hard person to deal with, but I am certain that Mong
Joon’s candidacy as an independent for the Ulsan seat in the National
Assembly was the reason for my dismissal.
After Mong Joon declared his intention to run for the National
Assembly as an independent, he was summoned by the head of the
presidential security guard and told to withdraw his candidacy. The
Blue House did not think that Mong Joon had a chance of winning and
would simply draw votes away from the ruling party’s candidate. That
is the kind of reasoning that my U.S.-educated son would simply find
unacceptable. Besides, pressuring the candidate from an opposing party
to withdraw his candidacy in a democracy is outrageous. As usual, he
added on the threat that “If you do not withdraw your candidacy, we
will shut down Hyundai.” Iw as not the kind of father who would tell
his son to give up, nor was my son one to give up.
Chung Ju-yung encouraging Korean athletes at the 1984 LA Olympics.
230 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
Chung Ju-yung as the grand marshal of a car parade at the 1984 LA Olympics.
Dismissal as president of the Korean Sport & Olympic Committee
meant that I was also no longer the ex-officio chairman of the Korean
Olympic Committee. However, I still retained the vice-chairmanship
of the Olympic Organizing Committee to which I was appointed in
November 1981.
Even though I was thereby put in an awkward position, I did my
utmost to prepare for Korea's participation in the 1984 LA Olympics,
to prepare for the 1986 Asian Games, and for the successful hosting of
the 1988 Olympic Games in my capacity as president of the Korean Sport
Chapter 6: The 1988 Olympics and Korea’s Fifth Republic | 231
& Olympic Committee and subsequently as vice-chairman of the Olympic
Organizing Committee.
I asked Hyundai executives who had experience working abroad to
serve as elite staff members of the Olympic Organizing Committee, and
to beautify the areas along the Han River which flows through slow to
better showcase the “Miracle on the Han river.” Id onated information-
processing facilities necessary to run the Olympic Games, exhibition
materials, and as the official sponsor of the 1988 Olympics, provided for
free all the vehicles necessary to execute the Games. We hosted Olympic
officials and important guest from abroad and tried to show them true
Korean hospitality, taking them on tours of our major industrial sites,
etc. I mobilized all our offices and branches abroad to contact important
people in the Olympic community to ask for their active participation.
This was not for the government in power at the time. I did it for
the country where I was born and lived and worked—for the country
that my descendants will live in. Whether or not I like a particular
government, its people, or the manner in which it exercises power this
country is ours and our descendants’. This country must continue to move
forward, and be ever-more prosperous.
Reclaiming land for a small nation
The Korean Peninsula is small. For South Koreans, that small land is
made even smaller with national division. I want to find a way to make
it larger. We also have a growing population. We also can't produce all
of our own food. Managing a business, creating jobs, contributing to the
development of our industries, and making the country prosperous are
worthwhile, important endeavors. But equally critical and valuable is our
duty to make full use of what nature has bestowed upon us and expand
our land even by some small amount to pass on to future generations.
The curvy Cheonsu Bay, located on the west coast, is an area that
232 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
possesses all the right ingredients for land reclamation. For as long as I
can remember, I have dreamed of undertaking reclamation projects in
Cheonsu Bay. My dream was only realized after a series of seemingly
unfortunate events.
From the latter half of 1978, the overseas construction business
was showing signs of decline. With fewer overseas contracts, there were
immediate concerns about South Koreans working abroad getting laid off
and about underutilization of equipment that had been deployed overseas.
I proposed to President Park that we could utilize that equipment
and mobilize idle manpower on reclamation projects. In the summer of
1978, measures were announced to prevent real estate speculation and
the Korea Land Development Corporation was established, followed
by the opening of the Korea Research Institute for Human Settlement
(KRIHS). All of these developments led to increased research about
land reclamation. At this time, government-led reclamation projects were
making slow progress and the government wanted private companies
to take them over to increase efficiency and alleviate the unemployment
problem. The president issued a special decree allowing private companies
to participate in massive reclamation projects.
I had been asked time and again to take charge of a reclamation
project in Cheonsu Bay, on the shores of the Seosan-si, because for years
the government simply could not get anything done. Among those
recommended for the reclamation project, Dong-Ah and Hyundai were
the only companies that actually applied and were approved. On August
24, 1978, we were awarded a permit to undertake coastal reclamation at
Seosan. Later the reclaimed land was transformed into a farm. From
the beginning of the project to the completion of the Seosan Farm, I
was often swept away by the memories of my father.
During my childhood, I witnessed my father working on his farm,
clearing land to make it arable and carrying out land reclamation of his
own. His strong will and love for the land was something to behold. The
Chapter 6: The 1988 Olympics and Korea’s Fifth Republic | 233
Seosan Farm was my gift of respect to my father. I also had a desire to
prove to everyone that we could mechanize our agriculture and compete
against the likes of the United States. After acquiring the permit, we
brought in 350 pieces of heavy equipment that we had been using in
the Middle East. However, the project had to wait because of political
instabilities and budgetary issues. It was further delayed caused by
the assassination of President Park and the emergence of new military
leadership. It was not until April 1982 that we were able to begin
construction of the seawall in Sector B, one of the two sectors. In July
1983, we began construction in Sector A.
This was the first reclamation project in Korea carried out by a
private company. From a strictly business point of view, the Seosan
Figure 4. Map of the Seosan Reclamation Project
wNs W
as
N
The a 4 Ah
Sector A
234 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
reclamation project was worthless because there was no money to be
made. In addition to the billions of won needed for construction, the
Seosan reclamation project had to overcome other highly unfavorable
conditions. At Seosan, the tidal range was wide, and tidal currents were so
strong that wild ducks would break their legs trying to swim against it.
Constructing a seawall was considered nearly impossible. Historically,
the Jangsan Point in Jangyeon, Songdolpung on Ganghwa Island, and
Anheung Bay at the Taean Peninsula have always been places where ships
easily sank or ran aground. During the Joseon Dynasty, there were efforts
to build a waterway through the narrow neck of land between Seosan
and Taean to shorten the trip between Cheonsu Bay and Garorim Bay.
The fierce currents doomed this effort as well.
Even the Ministry of Agriculture, Food, and Rural Affairs (MAFRA)
and the company’s board of directors were pessimistic about the likelihood
of success. A rough estimate indicated that this would be an enormous
economic undertaking and there was no possibility of profit. But from
the beginning, profitability was never my consideration.
The main point of constructing a seawall was to minimize losses
due to tidal flow. To build a seawall 1,200 meters long to slow down the
current in Sector B, we drilled holes in rocks that weighed 4.5 tons
each, connected two or three of them with a cable, transported them
on barges, and dropped them in the water. Whenever we needed more
rocks, we brought them from a mountain quarry 30 kilometers away
from the construction site. A total of 140 15-ton trucks were used to
deliver these rocks.
Of the seawall’s total length of 6,400 meters, the last 270 meters
posed the biggest challenge. When the Han River reaches dangerous
depths, the velocity of the current can reach six meters per second. But
here, the current flowed at eight meters per second. I felt as though I
would be sucked into it if I only stared at it. Rocks the size of cars were
swallowed whole as soon as they were dropped in. No matter how many
Chapter 6: The 1988 Olympics and Korea’s Fifth Republic | 235
rocks we threw in the water, the current could not be contained.
Suddenly, a great idea came to me. We had purchased a Swedish
Chung Ju-yung with LG Group Chairman Koo Ja-kyung
at the Seosan reclamation project.
A seawall constructed at Seosan following to the ‘Chung Ju-yung Method.’
236 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
ship called the Water Bay for three billion won. Docked in Ulsan for
dismantlement, it was slated to be used as scrap iron. My idea was to
sink the Water Bay to slow down the current after which we could
successfully drop in rocks to further slow the current. I immediately
asked engineers from Hyundai Mobis, Hyundai Merchant Marine, and
Hyundai Heavy Industries to figure out a way to safely sink a ship that
measured 45 meters in width, 27 meters in height, 322 meters in length,
and weighed 230,000 tons.
This strategy for building the seawall proved to be the perfect
solution. We were able to reclaim 109 million square meters of mud flat,
and 46 million square meters to form a fresh-water lake. A total of 155
million square meters were added to the territory of our country. This
area was bigger than Gimje, the breadbasket of our nation. This area was
33 times the size of Yeouido in central Seoul. On top of that, this method
saved us 29 billion won. Newsweek and Time magazines gave extensive
coverage to what came to be known as “the Chung Ju-yung method.” Even
a renowned British steel construction company that once constructed
a seawall in Thames River sought our advice.
As soon as the seawall construction was completed, we began the
seven-year long desalination process. By 1987, in Sector B alone, we had
planted five types of tong-i/ rice*’ and eight types of common rice for a
total of 13 different varieties of rice on 115,792 square meters of land.
We had much success on the 42,975 square meters of land that had
been the saltiest. But we enjoyed an even larger harvest on the remaining
66,116 square meters due to its lower salinity.
In addition to the extra land the Cheonsu Bay reclamation project
yielded, as of 1996, Korea produces an additional 50 million kilograms
of rice per year. My goal is to raise this number to 90 million kilograms.
This amount is equal to the yearly rice consumption of 500,000 Koreans.
We were able to provide 6.5 million jobs, shorten the distance between
Hongseong and Anmyeondo by 31 kilometers, make traveling easier, and
Chapter 6: The 1988 Olympics and Korea’s Fifth Republic | 237
Seosan Farm after land reclamation.
238 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
contribute to the development of regional communities for the relocated
20,000 residents.
In effect, each farmer on the Seosan Farm manages 1.2 million square
meters of land. This size is what 80 Korean farming families typically
manage. The entire operation is mechanized, using four aircraft, 94 trucks,
60 combines, 33 planters, 19 pest-control sprayers, 207 tilling machines,
and two rice mills. Until now, farming in Korea was hard labor. But now,
every agricultural process is done by machines, from planting to harvest.
Farmers were not compensated adequately for their sweat and tears. They
earned a pittance, unable to escape from their poverty. As our society
has become more industrialized, the younger generation has come to
consider farming an outdated profession. They have migrated to the
cities, leaving only the old to continue farming. Now there aren't enough
farmers to cultivate even the tiniest strip of land. Some farms have been
abandoned. This is the reality of agriculture in Korea today.
However, I am a firm believer that Korea can and should be able
to feed itself. As we approach the 21* century, being competitive in
everything we do is important. But because we were once an agrarian
society, we must not overlook farming. For us to survive the competition
in the global rice market, we must figure out a way to produce the
greatest amount of food with the least number of farmers. In order for
that to happen, we need to continue to expand our agricultural land,
and mechanize farming. It is pointless to continue to merely mechanize
agriculture without increasing the amount of arable land. I believe the
government must provide more land through reclamation projects. I
am devoting myself to the “use of modern science” and “mechanization”
at the Seosan Farm.
In 1993, I established the Asan Agriculture Institute (AAJ) on
the Seosan Farm. We have seven researchers working on new farming
techniques. There are a number of agricultural research institutes,
including the research institute under the Rural Development
Chapter 6: The 1988 Olympics and Korea’s Fifth Republic | 239
Administration, other government-funded research institutes, and
farming institutes at agricultural colleges. But AAI is the only one
that systematically researches reclamation projects. It researches the
suitability of direct-planting techniques and is working diligently to
develop new varieties of rice that grow regardless of salinity. The institute
conducts research on the effects of climate change on agriculture, the
systemization of agriculture, cultivation techniques, plant adaptability,
weeds and harmful insects, the effects of soil and water conditions on
farming, baling and packaging, grain storage facilities, and pesticide
residue. AAI’s research is free to any agriculturalists who want to learn
scientific farming. I plan to open an agricultural technology center and
to seek cooperation between industries and educational institutions. I
dream of turning the Seosan region into farmland that can out-produce
even California, the United States’ most productive agricultural area.
Since reclamation projects were carried out along the coastline,
there was bound to be resistance from fishermen. There were loud protests
against the disappearance of fisheries. [here was also controversy over
compensation. Some were deserving of compensation, but much of the
reclaimed land consisted of tidal mudflats. Fish could not breed there
even when the tide was in, and large-scale fishing was not possible,
yet many of the local people accused us of destroying their fisheries.
Environmental organizations claimed that we were destroying the
ecosystem. During the establishment of the Seosan Farm, we had to
cope with a great deal of mental stress. Exacerbating the stress, I became
the target of a rumor that my aim was to re-categorize the land for my
own personal gain.
Though I was demonized for destroying the ecosystem and fisheries,
the coastal area is now filled with expensive shellfish that requires the
coast guard to patrol to prevent poaching. I realize now that sometimes
minor interference in an ecosystem may result in unexpected benefits.
240 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
The bombing in Rangoon
I am not sure whether there is a correlation between a president’s
number of trips overseas and the effectiveness of his policies. But once
they assume power, presidents are busy traveling abroad on seemingly
reasonable, but generally ineffective trips.
President Chun Doo-hwan’s visits to Asian countries and six countries
in Oceania were intended to raise Korea's profile in the “age of the Pacific.”
The President’s entourage abroad generally included business people,
and this particular trip was no different.
On October 8, 1983, we arrived in Rangoon, Burma (now Myanmar).
On October 9, the president and his entourage were scheduled to visit
the Martyrs’ Mausoleum to commemorate Aung San and then go
sightseeing. But the business people were not scheduled to do anything.
We are busy people who usually don't have a second of free time, so idling
our day away without anything to do was like torture to us. Because
going sightseeing by ourselves before the president was scheduled to
do so in the afternoon appeared unseemly given our Korean custom, we
considered going golfing. We asked Deputy Prime Minister Seo Suk-
joon if he thought that would be acceptable. “We can’t just sit idle in our
rooms. We've heard that there’s a golf course around here. We can check
out what golf courses in communist countries look like.” He agreed.
‘The next day, while we were playing golf, we received an unwelcome
message saying that the president wanted to have lunch with us after his
visit to the Martyrs’ Mausoleum. We cut our game short and rushed back
to the hotel. We were shocked to find bloodied security guards frantically
running back and forth. They ordered us to return to our rooms, pack
up, stay together, and wait. They also sternly warned us not to go outside,
no matter what.
It was the Rangoon Bombing. Seventeen people were killed, including
some of the best and brightest of Korea’s brain trust. Deputy Prime
Chapter 6: The 1988 Olympics and Korea’s Fifth Republic | 241
Minister Seo Suk-joon, the Minister of Foreign Affairs Lee Bum-suk, the
Minister of Energy and Resources Seo Sang-chul, the President’s Chief
of Staff Hahm Pyong-choon, the Ambassador to Burma Lee Gye-chul,
the Senior Secretary to the President for Economic Policy Kim Jae-ik,
the Chief of Planning Ha Dong-sun, the Deputy Treasury Minister Lee
Ki-uk, the Deputy Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries Kang In-hee, the
Deputy Minister of Science and Technology Kim Yong-han, Assemblyman
Shim Sang-woo, Min Byeong-suk (the president’s physician in attendance),
the Presidential Press Secretary Lee jae-kwan, Lee Joong-hyun (a reporter),
Han Kyung-hee and Jung Tae-jin (presidential body guards). Fifteen others
sustained serious or slight injuries in the bombing. It was immediately
clear that this was a deliberately planned, brutal attack by North Koreans
that targeted President Chun and his brain trust.
Our grief and sorrow were beyond words as we waited in the Boeing
747.1 felt somewhat guilty and embarrassed to be unscathed in light of
the loss of so many lives. President Chun reached the plane sometime
around four or five in the afternoon, and our journey back to Korea began
in an atmosphere of grief beyond consolationT.he loss of so many talented
people who perished in the blink of an eye left us all speechless and
distraughtT.he president assembled the business leaders in his cabin on
our flight home. -
He requested the cooperation of the business sector for the bereaved
familiesT.h e business leaders agreed without reservation. The Blue House
appropriated 2 billion won for the bereaved families, and the largest
corporate members of the Federation of Korean Industries contributed
2.3 billion won. This money was intended to be placed in a fund that
would support the bereaved families and the education of their children.
We dissuaded the families’ request for the immediate dispersal of the
money because it would not be in their interest. According to tax law,
the donated money would be considered taxable, in effect reducing the
actual amount to a negligible level. To ensure that they would be given
242 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
proper compensation, we met at the Blue House on November 25, 1983,
to establish an organization tentatively named the I]-hae Foundation.
The 2.3 billion won from the business sector was distributed to the
bereaved families through a special project. The former Minister of
Communications, Choi Soon-dal, was appointed to the post of inaugural
board chairman, and some other business leaders, including me, were
elected to the board.
The Il-hae Foundation project was designed to raise funds and use
the accrued interest to provide scholarships for the children of the
martyred diplomats and of other citizens of special merit to the nation,
to cultivate talented athletes and leaders in technology and science, to
educate gifted people, and to support academic, art, and sports research
activities. The fund-raising goal was 480 million won in the first year
(1984) and 960 million won in the second year. The top 30 companies
would lead the fund-raising, but companies that were having financial
difficulties would be exempted from participation. When the final
calculations were done, the foundation decided that 10 billion won were
required for the various projects and operational costs. Samsung and
Hyundai, with the highest sales and profits, agreed to raise 1.5 billion
won each. The other companies would come up with the remaining 8
billion won, including an extra billion tacked on in case a company failed
to do its part.
The Presidential Security Service collected 18.5 billion won in total.
Moreover, Choi Soon-dal and the chief of the Presidential Security
Service unreasonably insisted that the initial fundraising should not be
a one-time affair. They even made the preposterous suggestion for a
second or even a third round of fundraising with the goal of raising 10
billion won each round.
With these people openly saying such outrageous things as “I can
do with any company as I wish,” businessmen were in no position to
complain or show the slightest sign of objection. The second round of
Chapter 6: The 1988 Olympics and Korea’s Fifth Republic | 243
fundraising began inauspiciously because several companies refused to
pay. The Board Chairman Jung Soo-chang“” even asked me to solicit
Samsung, Samhwan, and a few other companies for donations.
In June 1984, the presidential security chief asked me to find a
suitable location for the Il-hae Foundation’s new research institute. He
drove around the area where Hyundai would have built its Electronics’
Research Institute, had the Blue House not rejected our proposal. He
said that the places he had been looking at were too small and asked for
my recommendation. I knew immediately that he was after my property.
I assumed he only wanted a few acres. But, as if he had been waiting for
that very response, his face lit up and said that the new research institute
would need a bigger plot of land. That meant he would take the entire
tract. It was an unconscionable abuse of power. But I had to turn the
other cheek and give up the land for fear of the absolute power of the
military junta. Since the deal had to look legitimate, the government
produced a fake receipt for 650 million won. Of course, I never actually
received the money for the land.
In November 1988, that security chief was summoned to a National
Assembly hearing. Without so much as blinking an eye, he testified that
I had refused to accept the government’s compensation for Hyundai’s
land. This was ridiculous. Since he never once mentioned payment, I
could not have refused an offer that was never offered. Meanwhile, he
had perverted the original purpose of the foundation, which was to
support the bereaved families of those killed in the Rangoon Bombing.
Instead, he claimed that the Il-hae Foundation would expand the
spectrum of its projects for higher, grander purposes, such as to conduct
research to develop strategies for diplomacy and national growth in
pursuit of national security and peaceful unification. Oversight of the
foundation changed from the Ministry of Culture and Education to
the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. What had started out as a humanitarian
fund to support the bereaved families of the Rangoon Bombing, turned
244 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
into something completely different.
In short, the Il-hae Foundation was defiled and hijacked by President
Chun'’s personal ambition. Even after leaving office, he sought to assert his
influence by taking the position of Chairman of the National Advisory
Committee.
Growing pains
I began as a laborer. I still see myself as a laborer. I just happen to have
a little money now. I spent most of my time with skilled workers and
blue-collar workers.T o meet tight deadlines, I could get tough, pushing
them to the limit. But whenever I could, I would mingle with them,
sharing drinks and even arm wrestle during short breaks.
Because I knew hunger, I was particularly sympathetic to those who
couldn't afford to bring lunch to work. I made sure that Hyundai was the
Chung Ju-yung wrestling at a Hyundai summer retreat.
Chapter 6: The 1988 Olympics and Korea’s Fifth Republic | 245
first company to provide free lunch to its workers. I feel empathy towards
those who work with me, the same commonality and affection that I
feel for the strangers on the streets of Namdaemun Market. Because
I know and understand the difficulties they face, I wanted to be a
‘businessman who could communicate with them and listen to their
hopes and dreams. I like and respect the simplicity and honesty of the
average worker and | wish them all the best.
Some time ago, someone proposed installing a separate elevator
for executives at the company headquarters. | rejected the idea right
on the spot. I truly despise the inflated sense of superiority held by
executives who expect different treatment from their workers. Why on
earth would anyone need a separate elevator? If your office is on the 3"
floor, get off at the 3" floor. If your office is on the 15" floor, get off at
the 15" floor. What a poignant sight it would be to see a busy executive
sharing an elevator with a young worker.
Hyundai was not built by me. All our workers including numerous
unacknowledged technicians, executives, and staff members built Hyundai.
Since we built the company together, we are basically all equals. Although
there are different tasks and pay grades, discrimination for someone beneath
your rank is obnoxious and arrogant. When working on a big construction
project, Hyundai assigns separate rooms for executives above general
managers and full-size sedans for the chief of constructioTnh.a t doesn’t
mean that separate rooms and large cars allow them to put on airs. Such
privileges simply mean that those in important positions should think
harder, get all the work done without problems, and lead the other
workers properly.
When I dropped by an Iraqi rail construction site one day, the
workers were busy laying a new carpet in a temporary building, believing
this was a formality they should observe for their boss. 1 appreciate the
special treatment, but when it amounts to window dressing done without
much thought, such formality is meaningless. With our company motto
246 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
“Diligence, Frugality, Affection” hanging right there on the wall, they
should have spared a second to think about the workers laying rails in
the deadly, scorching heat.
I asked, “Is laying this carpet practicing frugality? What would our
workers think about us if they saw this nonsense?”
A carpet was a luxury I despised. After luxury comes corruption.
I’ve never seen a country prosper with a leader who enjoys luxury. I’ve
never come across a company that thrives under a luxury-loving, wasteful
owner. A person in a position of authority is a role model for everything.
It is basic human decency to ensure that the needy do not feel
deprived or discriminated against. Despite this personal principle,
Hyundai has gone through so many tough labor disputes every year
since the late 1980s that many Koreans immediately think of labor
disputes when they hear the name Hyundai.
President Roh Tae-woo's Declaration of Democratization in June
1987 triggered a series of unprecedented labor disputes throughout the
country.’ Of the 3,745 labor disputes in 1987, 3,621 took place after
the June 29 Declaration. Only 124 had occurred before the event. These
disputes began at large companies and industrial complexes. Large-scale
heavy and chemical industries were ground zero of labor disputes.
Because labor disputes in 1987 erupted when the company had little
to no experience in managing industrial relations, radical sit-ins and
militant strikes prevailed. The labor union of Hyundai Heavy Industries
was often called “the Mecca of labor disputes.” Due to their unmatched
prestige and power, this union was able to influence the direction and
intensity of other labor disputes every single year.
The union highlighted the low standard of treatment of laborers,
the working environment, and welfare. I found this to be a real headache
and a bitter experience because I simply did not agree with the union.
I appreciated the laborers’ hard work, but since I thought I was doing
my best to treat them properly, I felt betrayed. They portrayed me as
Chapter 6: The 1988 Olympics and Korea’s Fifth Republic | 247
though I ruthlessly built Hyundai by exploiting their hard work. Their
demands were endless, and they never gave the slightest consideration
to the company’s tight budget.
It wasn't always this way. I long for the times when people worked
tirelessly, day and night, united by one singular cause at the front line to
combat destitution in Korea. Working in a much harsher environment,
sometimes with their bare hands, without proper equipment, people in
those days had a sense of duty and pride in their pivotal role in Korea’s
economic modernization. In those days, there was no boundary between
white collar and blue collar. There was a spirit of learning and working
together, so everyone rejoiced at their accomplishments when a tough job
was completed. Whether we were opening cement plants or christening
ships, the technicians and managers hugged each other and shed tears.
But people change as time goes by, and as a new age begins, a new way
of life emerges.
It is natural and inevitable that human beings seek something
more once the struggle for food, shelter, and clothing have been satisfied.
With the new demands of a new generation, the people no longer
accepted limitations to their desire for a higher standard of living.
Workers achieve their full potential when a certain level of pay
is guaranteed. Some may think that raising wages leads to a direct
reduction in profitability. But raising wages to a certain level is another
way to boost both productivity and profitability. Whether they admit it
or not, everyone has a figure in mind when applying for a job. People
think, “My skills deserve this much pay.” They may have agreed to a low
wage for fear of not getting hired. But not until the pay meets their true
expectations will they exert 100 percent of their effort. ‘This is because
educated and non-educated workers alike assess their worth by comparing
themselves with others in terms of status, demand, and skills.
As long as competitiveness is not affected adversely, there is no
reason for the owner of a business to be opposed to a pay raise.
248 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
Technicians, mid-level managers, and mechanics should be united in
purpose and motivation and should do their utmost to boost productivity.
At the same time, the owner should secure funds needed to pay his
workers as much as he can. In the end, a wage hike must translate into
greater profits for the company.
The shipbuilding boom of the 1980s began with the supertanker.
Hyundai won nine contracts out of 15 orders for tankers worldwide in
1986. This boom came after a 12-year slump. We were ranked as the
busiest shipbuilder in the world, with the greatest number of orders for
two years in a row. However, we barely avoided making a loss because of
low-cost orders placed during the recession. Hyundai Heavy Industries’
net profit has sharply decreased since 1984 and plunged from 2.76 billion
won in 1985 to 160 million in 1986. The dropping sales value of tonnage
and a sharp increase in manufacturing costs led to a colossal loss. We
had to settle for low bid contracts just to keep our docks running.
In the latter half of 1986, what came to be known as “the three
lows” boosted the shipbuilding industry. But the boom lasted only a
year due to some of the largest labor disputes in Korean history. After
democratization in 1987, the Korean shipbuilding industry faced
tremendous challenges. Labor disputes led to wage hikes, delays in
delivery, and higher manufacturing costs. After the labor disputes, wage
hikes of more than 20 percent annually in the Korean shipbuilding
industry lowered our price competitiveness. At the same time, the Korean
won began appreciating against the U.S. dollar while the Japanese yen
depreciated. To make matters worse, the price of steel skyrocketed. In
the midst of this nightmare, after a fierce labor dispute for two months in
July and August 1987, Hyundai’s global market share plunged from 18
percent in 1986 to 12.3 percent in 1987. Our 74 percent domestic market
share dropped to 40 percent that same year. By 1989, our global market
share had been reduced to a mere 10 percent. Because of prolonged
labor disputes, ship owners around the world were concerned that
Chapter 6: The 1988 Olympics and Korea’s Fifth Republic | 249
Hyundai would not be able to meet delivery deadlines and were thus
reluctant to place orders. Increase in wages and the cost of equipment
further lowered our price competitiveness.
Times were tough. Korea’s “coming of age” had not been handled
well. We also need to reflect to see whether we have been too hasty or
reckless. We all share responsibility for the decline of Korea in East
Asia from a dragon to a worm.
A British crane engineer from Brown and Root working at the
Jubail port even wrote a poem that showed how hard the Hyundai
crew worked.
When we're hungry, they smile,
When we're tired, they get up.
When we're sleeping, they hustle,
It’s the epitaph for a Brown and Rooter.
This man lying here is the most foolish one.
He ruined himself working like a Hyundai man
Whom he couldn't catch up with
It’s not good for Brown Rooter’s health
to bustle with the Hyundai style.
To foreigners, the diligence and adventurousness of a Hyundai man
working frantically may look like foolish madness. Because the work
begins at 6 a.m., the workers should be at their stations by 5:30 a.m. at
the latest. In order to do that, they have to wake up an hour earlier to
wash up, get dressed, and have breakfast. ‘The shift beginning at 6 a.m.
continued until 6 p.m. except for a lunch break between 11 a.m. and 2
p.m. As soon as the workers finished their one-hour dinner, which started
at 6 p.m., most of them started their night shift. Overnight shifts were
commonplace, depending on how the project was progressing.
Korea’s remarkable economic growth was the product of countless
250 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
workers who made such formidable efforts. Though there were disputes
between labor and management, workers back then were honest, genuine,
sincere, more humane, and willing to put their country before themselves.
Poor political leadership and poor labor relations will set back the
progress we have made.
Do Koreans want to live in poverty again?
Without businesses, there would be no jobs. Without a country,
there would be no people.

| Chapter 7 |
Mt. Geumgang and Siberia
The evolution of the Mt. Geumgang project
OnJ anuary 23, 1983, at the invitation of the late Heo Dam, the fourth
highest ranking official in the Workers’ Party of North Korea, I traveled
to the North. Before that, from January 6 to 12,I traveled to the Soviet
Union at the invitation of the chairman of the Soviet Chamber of
Commerce and Industry. We discussed economic cooperation between
South Korea and the Soviet Union, including development projects
in Siberia.
I was tense and apprehensive about visiting North Korea. Despite
sharing 5,000 years of history, the two Koreas had been bitter enemies
for the past 40 years. I had just become the Korean commissioner of the
South Korea-Soviet Union Economic Cooperation Commission, and I
hoped that this would prevent North Korea from kidnapping me. What if
the North Korean government decided not to let me leave, spinning some
false story about my wanting to stay and grow old in my hometown?
Three people from Hyundai Construction traveled with me: Vice
President Park Jae-myun, Executive Director Kim Yoon-gyu, and Chief
Chapter 7: Mt. Geumgang and Siberia | 253
of Staff Lee Byung-gyu.
We made our way to Beijing, where North Koreans were waiting
to receive us. They had packed baskets of snacks and kept insisting that
we have some, but none of us did. We waited there for two to three
hours for our flight to Pyongyang. Other than the vice-commissioner
of the Committee for the Peaceful Reunification of the Fatherland, we
were the only passengers on the plane.
We departed at 5:30 p.m., and around 7 p.m., I knew that we had
arrived in Pyongyang when I saw below me a brightly lit statue of Kim
Il-sung. Jeon Geum-cheol, the deputy chairman of the Committee for
Peaceful Reunification, came out to greet us. I was surprised by the large
group of reporters and the various heads of each ministry who greeted
us. But I was completely shocked that the regime had arranged for more
than 40 people who claimed to be relatives of mine to come to the airport.
They burst into tears and exclaimed how glad they were to see me. But
I was uncomfortable, as I did not know any of them. The North Korean
regime wanted me to spend some time with my relatives, but I declined
and told them, “I came here to work. I will meet my relatives after the
meetings are finished.” My primary purpose in coming to North Korea
was to discuss the development of tourist facilities at Mt. Geumgang.
Visiting my hometown and relatives was just a personal matter
that I wanted to take care of while I was in the North. We each got into
separate black Mercedes and were escorted to the reception area, where
we changed out of our traveling clothes into something more appropriate.
After a North Korean-style dinner, I went to my hotel to meet with my
waiting relatives.
Before we left Seoul, I had instructed my colleagues to be respectful
and reserved in meetings with the North Koreans. They should avoid
any inappropriate jokes or questions that might put them in a difficult
position or cause embarrassment. Whether their standard of living was
better or worse than ours did not matter. A casual laugh in front of North
254 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
Koreans whose circumstances may be worse than South Koreans could
cause that person to feel rejected or insulted. The northerners might
think that we were laughing at their impoverished standard of living and
feel offended.
On the second day, my colleagues and I went jogging in the morning
near the Taedong River. The temperature was -10 degrees Celsius that
day. But the wind chill made it feel much colder. Our faces froze and
our lips stuck together. I had breakfast with my relatives, and then we
were guided to Kim I]-sung’s birthplace. We saw Gwangbok Road,
which is said to be 100 meters wide. Then we visited the construction
site of an apartment building that was being built by 80,000 laborers
without the aid of machinery. Nearby, basketball players were training
in a gymnasium. After a one-on-one meeting with Commissioner
Heo Dam, we proceeded to the conference room to begin formal talks
in the afternoon.
Chung Ju-yung meeting with North Korea’s Party Secretary Heo Dam in Pyongyang, 1989.
Lamenting the division of the Koreas, Heo praised my visit to
North Korea as a demonstration of patriotism. He suggested that the
Chapter 7: Mt. Geumgang and Siberia | 255
two Koreas join hands to work together. Heo exuded an air of experienced
statesmanship and gentlemanly poise. Id escribed for him a picture of the
Mt. Geumgang development of my dreams.
“Mr. Heo, I appreciate your good will, inviting us in spite of such
difficult circumstances. We all want unification. It is regrettable that
unification remains a mere wish. But don’t all great things start with a
wish? The development of tourism at Mt. Geumgang has been on my
mind for a long time. Mt. Geumgang ranks among the best mountains
in the world. I believe that this project is a project for all Koreans.
Developing the Mt. Geumgang area will have great symbolic value to
peace-loving people around the world. By jointly developing the Mt.
Geumgang region and enabling international conferences to take place
there, we can contribute to peace and prosperity in the world.”
We were introduced to several North Korean officials, including
Choi Su-gil, the finance minister and president of the Daesung Bank;
Choi Jong-yeong, the president of Joseon Machinery; Jeon Geum-cheol,
deputy chairperson of the Committee for the Peaceful Reunification
of the Fatherland; Oh Mun-pan, the vice director of the National Red
Cross Society; and Kim Su-man. I casually introduced my colleagues to
inculcate a sense of modesty.
Having overcome the difficulties associated with their joint-venture
laws, the Soviet Union and China were able to conduct normal foreign
exchange dealings with the international community. In the same manner,
North Korea was looking to export through joint ventures.
I told Heo I wanted an agreement on Mt. Geumgang before leaving.
Heo assured me that meetings would start tomorrow. That evening at 6
p.m., Heo held a welcoming reception at a restaurant, where we had a
productive discussion. The next day, at 9 a.m., we began working-level
discussions on the Mt. Geumgang development project.
I already knew all about the mountain and its trails, as I often visited
there as a child. As a North Korean official was giving an overview of the
256 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
mountain, Ii nterrupted to ask, “There used to be a temple here during the
Japanese occupation that was burned down, leaving only the foundation
stones. Is that still there?” Surprised at my knowledge of the region, the
man murmured, “There is nothing more for me to say.”
We drew up concrete business plans and investment schedules for
the project, sometimes working all night. The discussions went on for
several days. The North Koreans expressed concern and suspicion about
my plan to fund the project with foreign investment rather than paying
for it ourselves.
Since they were unaware of capitalist principles, I chose my words
carefully to avoid offending them. “You have so many things to take care of,
what would happen if you made the entire investment for this project by
yourselves but no foreign tourists came? To attract foreign tourists, you
need to attract investments from abroad. From my personal experience, I
can tell that it is better to build a factory with American money if you
want to sell the products to Americans. That way, they show an interest
in the products and even advertise them. Bring in foreign money and
build a hotel with it. They will come.”
Sensing that they understood me, I teased, “You should also consider
building a casino.”
“What's a casino? Ah—a gambling room.” The 40 years of separation
had changed many of the words used in the North and South.
For 10 days, we held meetings from nine in the morning and went
sightseeing in the afternoons. They would report the results of each day’s
meeting to their superiors and raise any problems at the next day’s
meeting. The meetings went smoothly, but now and again in the middle
of a meeting, Jeon Geum-cheol would bring up political issues such
as the North's demand that the ROK-U.S. joint military exercise, “Team
Spirit,” be discontinued and the U.S. forces be withdrawn from the
Korean Peninsula.
I would respond with, “Let’s leave politics to the politicians. We are
Chapter 7: Mt. Geumgang and Siberia | 257
here to talk about the economy. If our talks are successful, they may lead
to discussions about political concerns in the future.” Or I would try to
change the subject by saying, “I have no power over such issues. Let’s
not waste time on this, but get back to the project.”
Our discussions were practical and concrete, focusing on the details
of constructing golf courses, ski resorts, an airstrip, department stores,
and hotels. We talked about hiring foreign architects and negotiated
the participation of willing and able South Korean companies. We also
conducted research on the creation of special tourist zones. I believed
that the North would have no problem providing the labor needed to
carry out such large construction projects. After all, they had already
succeeded in large-scale projects like the Gwangbok Road. They were
clearly impressed by our practical, concrete development plans. We noted
that, since Hyundai was the primary backer for these projects, at least
one-third of the potential tourists and consumers would likely be South
Korean. We estimated we could bring in about 40,000 South Koreans a
day, a figure which surprised the North Korean officials.
One evening we were welcomed to the Mansudae Art Theatre by
a crowd of 10,000 with a standing ovation. We were ushered to VIP seats
and watched The Tale of Chunhyang.” Whenever our entourage passed,
cars would stop and people on the street would stand still.
On January 28", we went to Mt. Geumgang together, and while my
colleagues stayed there overnight, I moved on to my hometown. When
I arrived, If ound that all of the houses had been renovated. If it had not
been for the five persimmon trees planted long ago that marked the
path, I wouldn't have been able to find my way. While I could no longer
recognize my house, those trees had stood guard through the decades
while I was away. My relatives gathered in a corner of the room and said
in unison like a choir, “Thanks to our Great Leader we are able eat rice
to our hearts content and live happily.” It was only then that I fully
felt the tragedy of 40 years of national division and the vast differences

Chapter 7: Mt. Geumgang and Siberia | 259
between the two political systems.
The room was quite hot. Iw ondered how much my aunt had strained
herself to collect firewood so that I would be comfortable. I wanted to
ask her why she didn’t just use coal, but then I realized that the North
Korean government had not allocated coal for the house. I kept silent.
The next day, Ip aid my respects to my ancestors at our family burial
grounds and visited a nephew who had been hospitalized. My colleagues
who spent the night at Mt. Geumgang then joined me in my hometown.
Even in the North, there were times when people sang and were merry,
but Ie ncouraged my colleagues to be careful with their selection of songs.
I told them to stick with songs that both South and North Koreans
could sing together, rather than songs that glorify South Korea, such as,
“The bells are ringing, the flowers are blooming in beautiful Seoul—
Let’s live in Seoul.” For the next 10 days, we would sing “My Old
Hometown’ and “Arirang,” two songs that became the sound of South
and North Korea.
Our food and drinks had been prepared by the communist party,
the enemy of South Korea, but after sharing one or two drinks and
singing together, all the political complications faded away, and we
became one people again. In spite of the differences in our ideologies
and the national division at the 38" parallel, we were still one people. I
felt mixed emotions and frustration about our situation.
Because my four Hyundai colleagues and I were being closely
followed by our North Korean minders, my relatives and I avoided
sensitive topics. I did not even tell my relatives about what I did back
in South Korea. While I had brought them souvenirs, I realized that
they were not really appropriate gifts when they had nothing to wear
but nylon clothing in the winter. My colleagues emptied their bags and
gave them all their clothes. As I left my hometown, I gave my aunt my
dress shirt and told her, “Can you please wash this and hang it over
there for me? I will wear it when I come back.”
260 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
The next day, we left my hometown and made our way to Wonsan.
We stopped to visit a hospital in Gojeo. It was mid-February. On farms
in the South, the farmers would bring in machines to dig irrigation
canals, but here they were trying to build a motorway to Mt. Geumgang
just using hand tools. I carefully asked our North Korean hosts whether
they thought it would be a good idea to allow the workers to rest at
least one day a week, as this would improve their efficiency.
“You do not understand,” they responded. “We allow our people to
rest on Sundays. But they volunteer to work every day of the week to
show their admiration for our great leader’s kindness and grace.”
On our way back to Pyongyang, our hosts gave us a tour of industrial
facilities in Wonsan. All I saw was how backward the facilities were. I
barked out orders and instructions as if I were back at my own factory
in Seoul. “Why is this door placed in such an inconvenient location?
Clean up this dust on the floor! The dock should not be here!” I shouted.
Our hosts followed along and took notes.
After that, the North Koreans began to open up and eventually
entrusted me with the joint development of the Mt. Geumgang tourist
area. Ihey began to bombard me with ideas: a railcar manufacturing
plant under the Hyundai name in Wonsan, a new port, a coke-fuel plant
in Siberia, and a natural halite extraction facility in the Soviet Union.
I welcomed all of these suggestions. “Excellent! After some
feasibility tests, let’s turn these ideas into reality if it turns out to be
economically sound,” I said.
As we prepared the Protocol for the Joint Development of the
Mt. Geumgang area, I constantly emphasized our concerns about the
transportation of materials, equipment, and workforce. Transportation
by land would require access through heavily guarded borders, such as
the Panmunjom Joint Security Area or the eastern Military Demarcation
Line. We managed to negotiate a system of transportation. After 10 days
of meetings, we reached an agreement.
Chapter 7: Mt. Geumgang and Siberia | 261
Without free access through the border, I thought the joint
development of Mt. Geumgang would be pointless. I also believed border
crossings would symbolize reunification. They wanted me to visit again
in April. I agreed readily because I also wanted to return. However,
this did not pan out. Predicting political developments is as difficult as
predicting the weather. I needed permission to travel to North Korea.
When I returned to Seoul, the mood among government officials
had completely changed. While they supported my initial trip with
enthusiasm, they now were cool to the idea of my return in April. | am
still waiting for our agreement to be translated into tangible results and
believe to this day that it will sometime in the future.
The development of the Mt. Geumgang region remains important.
Officials from the North use various unofficial methods to communicate
with me and continue to say that I was the only person from the private
sector they trusted. Meanwhile, my dress shirt still hangs in my aunt’s
room in my hometown.
Meeting Gorbachev
In June 1990, the Soviet Special Economic Adviser to the President,
Nikolai Petrakov, invited me to the Kremlin in order to elicit my opinions
on the Soviet economy. We ended up talking for three and a half hours.
I expressed my optimism towards the plans by Soviet economists for
the U.S.S.R’s entrance into the world economy. Their argument made
sense theoretically, but it would take time for implementation. Since
their people had lived under communist rule for 70 years, it was natural
that the adjustment to a market economy would take time. Petrakov
asked how long it would take the Soviet Union to establish a market
economy. I estimated it would take about 15 years, but decided to tell
him 10 years to avoid disappointing him.
It took 20 to 30 years for the Soviet government to compel its
262 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
people to adjust to communism. But the transition to a market economy
was based on free will. Because of this self-determination, some predicted
it would take longer than this. However, my prediction was based on the
fact that the country already had the infrastructure and technology to
support its 280 million people. Petrakov promised to arrange a meeting
with the president the next time I visited. In October 1990, I met with
President Mikhail Gorbachev.
The South Korean delegation included Lee Myung-bak, interpreters,
a news crew from the Korean Broadcasting System (KBS), and myself.
President Gorbachev and Vladimir Medvedev, a KGB general, represented
the Soviet side. Medvedev was the third highest member of the party
in charge of economic affairs. The talks were held in Gorbachev's office.
Chung Ju-yung with former Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev in Moscow, 1990.
During the talks, I tried to give them realistic, practical advice about
the Soviet economy. I emphasized that I disagreed with economists who
peddled a pessimistic outlook on the Soviet economy. Economic theory
alone cannot account for the conviction and resolve of the Soviet people,
an intangible but immeasurably valuable asset. Rapid economic growth
Chapter 7: Mt. Geumgang and Siberia | 263
in poorer countries is often called a miracle, but there are no miracles
in the realm of economics. I further argued that while the Soviet Union
faced many difficulties, it also had strengths that should not be overlooked.
The political progress and the pace of economic development of a country
depend on its leadership.
I emphasized that South Korean industries would be able to assist
in the development of Siberia. I requested that the Soviet Union bring
its great influence to bear on ensuring North Korea would prosper in a
way that is free and peaceful. Gorbachev responded by saying that there
will come a day when the Soviet Union and South Korea will collaborate
to provide food to North Korea. He would have Medvedev deliver an
invitation to President Roh for talks on South Korean and Soviet Union
economies.
In November 1990, President Roh traveled to the Soviet Union to
normalize diplomatic relations. Skeptics and political conservatives
doubted whether actual benefits would accrue or whether diplomatic
normalization was too rushed. | believe that relations between countries
should not be evaluated solely in terms of economic profit or practical
benefits. Considering the reunification issue and Korea's status in the world,
I did not view normalization with the Soviet Union as too premature.
When the world is undergoing tremendous changes, we cannot
afford to sit around and miss the opportunities that come with such
change. I have always believed that establishing diplomatic relations with
the Soviet Union would contribute to the opening up of North Korea
and to eventual reunification.
I liked and respected Gorbachev. ‘That such a sophisticated, erudite
man as Gorbachev fell from power is unfortunate. But I know that history
will remember this man as a vastly important and influential figure.
264 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
Claiming a stake in Siberia
We now live in a world of rapid change. What may have taken a generation
or a century in the past now takes years or months. After the collapse
of the Soviet Union, other communist states followed suit.
The Eastern Bloc transitioned from a socialist command economy
to a capitalist market economy and underwent other political, economic,
and social changes. With a population of 1.2 billion, China evolved from
an inefficient system of collective farming to an agricultural behemoth
that made the country self-sufficient in staple foods like rice. At the same
time, their entire industrial system was developing at an astonishing
pace. Students who yearned for an open society and lived through the
great tragedy of the Tiananmen Square massacre are now bearing witness
to a country that is moving toward free-market capitalism while still
maintaining its one-party political system.
History has proven that only a capitalist, free-market economy can
improve the lives of its citizens. Sustained economic development is the
only way to create a prosperous nation that values individual freedom
and human dignity.
But I was fascinated by the Soviet Union for two reasons. The first
was Siberia’s abundant natural resources, including timber, natural gas,
oil, coal, and fish. Having nearly none of these resources, Korea, to this day,
is forced to import these commodities from the United States, Canada,
Australia, and Africa. We paid premium rates because the first world
countries that controlled trade in these goods insisted on ratcheting up
prices.
Countries with limited natural resources are vulnerable in the
international market. Thus, securing access to such resources is critical
to sustain economic development. Developed countries already have
the resources within their borders, or they use their economic might to
secure them.
Chapter 7: Mt. Geumgang and Siberia | 265
There was a time when South Korea’s plywood industry dominated
the world market. However, since logging our forests was not sustainable,
one of our strongest enterprises, Dongmyeong Timber, eventually filed
for bankruptcy. Korea went from being the world’s leading exporter
of plywood to being an importer. This shows that, without securing
primary resources, it is impossible to sustain a successful business. For
any country, securing diverse resources is essential.
Korea-Soviet economic cooperation showed great potential for both
countries and would have yielded enormous profit. I wanted to show
the Soviet Union that the Korean businesses and its people were honest,
sincere, and passionate about their work. For an entire year, I poured
enormous amounts of effort into building rapport and trust with the
Soviets. I believe my efforts expedited the normalization of diplomatic
relations of our two counties.
The second reason why I focused on the Soviet Union was to use
their influence and assistance to jumpstart the reunification process of
the two Koreas. I truly believed it was my duty to pave the way for
reunification and secure natural resources for South Korea.
We need to hold on to our grand dreams and optimistic blueprints
for the future. Economic cooperation between South Korea and the
Soviet Union held the potential for enormous benefits. A unified Korea
would have a population of 60 to 70 million strong, intelligent people
and could serve as a mainstay of Asia’s economies. Through unification,
Korea would have the opportunity to reinvent its role in the world.
As a result of economic cooperation, our relations with the Soviet
Union are stronger than Pyongyang’s relations with its Cold War
benefactor. This is due in part to the strong friendships between Soviet
and South Korean private sector business people. If it had not been for
the necessity and benefit of such economic cooperation, the Soviet
Union would likely have been apathetic about normalization.
Korean reunification is on the horizon, and when that day arrives
266 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
a unified Korea must play a pivotal role in Asian affairs. I take great pride
in the Korean people. Looking at our past and present, at our history
and culture, the Korean people are second to none. They are sincere,
virtuous, and kind in the pursuit of excellence. With just 10 or 20 years
of industrious effort, Korea can become a central player in Asia and a
model country for the world. This is not just a possibility but rather an
obligation. While we lag behind the Japanese in technology, experience,
and capital, Koreans have the potential to do whatever the Japanese
can do. In the past, most Japanese would sneer and mock me as I built
dockyards and entered the Middle Eastern construction market. They
condescendingly wondered what I expected to accomplish without
the proper technology, capital, or experience. They thought that I was
unaware of what was involved for the task at hand and that I would
simply fail. That much was true. I did lack experience and capital.
ig wee
Y OEP
ee
Chung Ju-yung taking “UnT ification Cows’ raised at the Seosan Farm
on a visit to North Korea, 1998.
Chapter 7: Mt. Geumgang and Siberia | 267
asGr sa! Nee
Trucks loaded with ‘Unification Cows’ bound for North Korea crossing the DMZ, 1998.
Thirty years from now, the Japanese may still be mocking us as
Korea pursues development projects in Siberia, where the temperature
can drop to -50 or -70 degrees Celsius. Yet, Ib elieve that there is nothing
that we cannot do. As the Japanese concentrate their efforts on reclaiming
the four islands to the North of Hokkaido, we have to focus on securing
a foothold in Siberia. Once territorial disputes are settled, none of
those natural resources will be left for South Korea. We must not find
ourselves in a position where we just pick up Japanese leftovers. This was
one of the most important reasons that I became so enthusiastic about
development projects in Siberia.
Government officials and individuals in the media consider me
reckless, but I had a plan. Russia has abundant resources. But having
functioned for so long under a communist regime, Russians lack the
means or knowledge needed to mobilize capital in world markets. For
instance, they ordered 20 ships from us on credit. The amount of cargo
that Russia could export is almost limitless. I said, “If you have all of that
268 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
freight, then you should be able to pay cash for constructing those ships.”
The price of 20 ships comes to $1.15 billion. We were able to obtain
that enormous amount of cash through European banks and third-
party agents. If Siberia’s resources could be put on world markets at
competitive prices, Russia would be able to borrow however much capital
it needed. They just needed to learn how to go about it.
The eastern maritime region of Siberia is close to the maritime
regions of Korea. It was once home to 180,000 ethnic Koreans. The winters
are long, but the ice-free ports of Vladivostok and Nakhodka serve as
an entry point into Siberia. For these reasons, Hyundai decided to build
a hotel and business center in that region. It opened in July 1997.
Normalizing relations and gaining access to Siberia’s natural resources
was a great accomplishment. By shortening the distance to acquire raw
materials that would have taken 50 or 60 days to get from other parts
of the world, Korea reaped many benefits. Russia also possesses the
world’s largest natural gas deposits in the Sakha Republic of Siberia.
While we were in no rush to develop these deposits, | thought that
laying a gas pipeline through North Korea to the South would help
expedite negotiations with North Korea on reunification issues. This is
whyI decided to prioritize the project.
However, negotiating with the Russian state-owned gas industry
and the North Korean embassy in Moscow proved to be difficult. They
pretended to ignore our requests. We kept up the negotiations, and the
conditions we offered provided no reason to turn us down, yet because
of various hindrances, the future of the project remains uncertain. The
Russians have said that even if South Korea, North Korea, and Japan
used the gas from the Sakha reserves for 100 years, there would still be
gas left. The pipeline would be the property of Russia. We would procure
the funds necessary to build the pipeline from world markets, and we
would thus secure for our country an inexpensive source of natural gas.
Development projects in Siberia hold particular meaning for us.
Chapter 7: Mt. Geumgang and Siberia | 269
There is no reason to stop pushing forward with them. Should the two
Koreas reunify, resources developed in Siberia to the north of the Tumen
River are sure to have a tremendous positive effect on our economy.
Because of the pivotal role that a unified Korea can play in the Asia-
Pacific region, South Korea and Russia now enjoy one of the closest
bilateral relationships in the world.
7

| Chapter 8 |
Loving My Country, Loving the People
Human capital above all else
Foreign entrepreneurs and specialists in economic policy always ask
me the same question: “How did Korea manage to achieve such rapid
economic growth without natural resources or capital?”
My response to this question is always clear and simple. ‘This was
made possible by the Korean people, who are among the world’s most
outstanding and industrious workers.
Whenever I travel abroad, I reconfirm my belief in my fellow
Koreans as being unmatched in their diligence and excellence. Korean
companies have now entered the African market. No matter where you
go in the world, you'll find a Korean. Koreans living abroad share one
characteristic: they all tend to have a comfortable life. For instance,
more than a decade ago, six to seven thousand Koreans established a
deep sea fishing base in Las Palmas, Spain, and they have been successful.
These ethnic Koreans offer hospitality to any of their fellow Koreans who
visit. Iw as even able to hitch a ride with one of the residents during my
stay there.
Chapter 8: Loving My Country, Loving the People | 273
While European fishing fleets were incurring losses in Las Palmas,
Korean fishing fleets were consistently making a profit. The diligence and
industry of these Koreans were recognized by the other fleets. Those
who were quick to catch on began to hire Korean workers themselves.
Interestingly enough, this worked like a charm: the European fishing
operations that hired Koreans began making a profit.
On a trip to Canada, I met the head of the Canadian Chamber of
Commerce. “While Canada provides unemployment benefits, I never
saw a Korean immigrant apply for these benefits,” he said. At the time,
a monthly unemployment stipend was $400, but Koreans didn’t apply for
it, even if they weren't making that much per month. So impressed by
their pride and work ethic, he said that Koreans were model immigrants.
Countless Korean workers in all parts of the world receive high praise
for their excellent work and diligence.
Currently, there are approximately 10,000 Korean crewmen working
on foreign merchant freighters. Their superior performance has become
widely known. Korean workers are in high demand by foreign shipping
companies. Whenever anything on the ship needs to be repaired, a Korean
crew member will take care of it immediately. Korean crew members are
so meticulous and diligent on the ship that no cleaning or maintenance
work needs to be done after anchoring at the destination.
The Koreans are a people who, for 5,000 years, generation after
generation, have cultivated and celebrated their culture. Ancestors pass on
to their descendants the gifts of innate wisdom and intellect. This is the
only explanation for how Koreans like me, whose education was limited
to primary school, could go on to establish successful international
conglomerates.
We have come so far with nothing but our excellent human capital.
The level and quality of Korean companies and the national economy
are the fruit of the indomitable spirit of creative entrepreneurs. Together
with outstanding, diligent workers, these entrepreneurs have been the
274 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
pivotal driving force in Korea’s modernization. This was all made possible
by the power of the people. Human resources cannot be compared with
material resources. This is why I don’t equate the economy with money,
but rather with the vitality and “can-do” spirit of the people.
While natural resources are limited, the creativity and endeavor of
its people are limitless. Economic growth that depends solely on the use
of natural resources will come to a stop when those resources are depleted.
But economic growth based on human power and hard work can be
sustained as long as the workforce doesn't become idle and indolent.
Living comfortably off of natural resources only and depending on the
interest from fat bank accounts is not true economic development. Our
achievement is thus all the more remarkable.
Hyundai is wealthy, not I
I know that there are a lot of people who wonder how I can donate
large amounts of money when I enforce frugality at the workplace. Yes,
I am very frugal. I make all my workers use both sides of a sheet of paper.
I dontt like it that Iam so misunderstood and misrepresented just because
I have some wealth.
A case in point was when I was somehow appointed as the president
of the Korean Sport & Olympic Committee. The government had a
misplaced hope that I would spend lavishly in that position. I am simply
not built that way. I was different from those who are appointed to
these positions as a result of bribes and personal greed. I just didn’t
understand why we needed to use money in that position when our
objective was to contribute to the development of sports in Korea.
As the position was honorary, I had to volunteer my own time. Had
I known that the chairmanship was given to whoever had the most
money, I would have certainly turned it down. In spite of the unpleasant
gossip about me, I forged ahead with my characteristic fervor and tenacity
Chapter 8: Loving My Country, Loving the People | 275
with an unbiased attitude during the short time I held that position.
But, Ic ould not help but wonder why I was obligated to do something
that simply did not suit me. To me, holding that position was like wearing
clothes that did not fit.
_ There are people in public positions who spend a lot of money to
attract attention to themselves. Some of these public servants donate a
small amount of money but flaunt it as if it were an enormous amount.
I look down on those who are too wedded to their wealth and use it
pretentiously. My working principle is that money should not be spent
in an ostentatious manner.
I feel guilty when newspapers report that I have the highest income
in the country. People wonder how I spend all that money. But in
fact, my lifestyle is hardly different from that of any middle-income
household. By middle-class, I mean I live a lifestyle similar to any typical
Hyundai employee. To be sure, my house is quite large, with a floor
space of 331 square meters, standing on a plot that measures about 992
square meters. But I only drive Hyundai cars: first a Stella, a Granada,
then a Sonata, followed by a Grandeur. I now drive a Dynasty, a car that
I believe I deserve at this age after working hard all my life. There are
times when I feel embarrassed to be riding in such a fine vehicle in front
of those who are-unable to do the same. I eat three simple meals a day
and, unless I am hosted at some event, those meals are no different from
the meals commonly eaten by other Koreans. Id o not like to take herbal
tonics because I do not believe they are effective, though I do enjoy an
occasional cup of ginseng tea for its taste, rather than its supposed
restorative effects. All in all, although I may be better off than others,
there is nothing special about the way I live.
I believe being a positive influence on others is more important
than the quality of one’s clothing, food, and shelter. I have about 210,000
workers. A commonly held perspective in Korea is that I am providing
these people with their livelihood. However, that is not the case. On the
276 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
contrary, I believe I owe my fortune to them. I cannot agree with the
suggestion that a single individual is the source of livelihood of the
many. I believe we all need to take care of each together. In Korean
culture, boasting that one has taken someone under their wing, or
“nurtured” them, can be seen as an arrogant display of superiority.
We are all equal. In any great society, equality is regarded as the
highest principle. In the workplace, a hierarchy exists for the sake of work,
yet just because someone is in a higher position, does not mean that he
is intrinsically more valuable. Being in a high-ranking position does
not give one the right to put on airs, nor does an entry-level employee
need to shirk away in shame.
There are bound to be people who look up to me, as well as people
who look down on me. Those who respect me may be inspired by the
fact that I became successful even though I came from a poor family
and had no proper education. ‘the story of my life demonstrates that
one does not need great wealth and education to become successful.
Even though I was poor and had little education, I am running one of
the world’s most successful businesses. For those people who are in a
difficult situation but continue to have big dreams, I hope my life can
be an example that inspires them to push forward toward a better life
through honest, hard work.
There are many who are jealous of my wealth. But I do not feel like
a rich man. The only time I truly felt rich was when I operated a rice
shop. Even as I grew my businesses and engaged in various projects, I
found my greatest pleasure in the work itself. 1 was never motivated by
the desire to amass great wealth and become the richest man in Korea.
‘The value of my business is not the same thing as my personal
wealth. All that I feel is mine is the money that I have in my pocket and
the money that I use to cover my living expenses. Anything beyond that
I do not consider my money. There are those who see the expansion of
Hyundai as a manifestation of my desire to acquire more wealth. However,
Chapter 8: Loving My Country, Loving the People | 277
the word “rich” has never been and never will be part of my vocabulary
and my thinking.
Every person starts out under similar conditions. But, some do well
and some do not. Those who are dissatisfied with how their lives have
turned out tend to focus on the unequal results rather than acknowledging
that unequal results may be the product of differences in effort and talent.
In a free market economy, no third party, including the government,
can resolve that inequality. Due to such inequality, the young are drawn
to a communist system. However, their understanding of communism is
naive. Though communism dangles the fantasy of the equal distribution
of wealth, in reality, it is an equal distribution of poverty. The Chinese
and Soviet experiences over the past 50 to 70 years are a powerful
indictment of communism and its shortcomings.
Nothing is more unnatural than the deprivation of personal freedom.
Nothing is more tragic than the government deciding what your job
will be and how you will live. For that reason,I believe that there is no
better system on earth than democracy, a system that guarantees these
sacred freedoms.
Uninformed critics have leveled allegations of collusion between
business and government. ‘They have, at times, singled out Hyundai and
have accused us of being under the protection racket of the government.
I categorically reject these assertions. Regardless of the government in
power, the state of the economy, or inopportune circumstances, Hyundai
has recorded year-on-year growth of 30 percent at times and at least 20
percent during the Fifth and Sixth Republics. Even after 1977, when the
government began to impose corporate, defense, and council taxes that
totaled 70 percent, Hyundai thrived while other corporations waned.
Hyundai’s strenuous efforts allowed it to get to the top in this free
competition.
I hope people do not lose sight of the fact that though conglomerates
belong to their owners, the government takes the lion share of their
278 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
profits. What remains after taxes goes into increasing employment and
into reinvestments. In essence, businesses exist to provide the state with
the tax revenue it needs to develop the nation and its people. It is business
that creates jobs, prosperity, and spurs national development. It is not a
means to increase one’s wealth.
I sincerely hope that people will not judge me solely based on my
wealth.
Businesses contribute to their nation
Businesses are an integral part of society. Those businesses that put
profits over national interests, material wealth over ethical values will
never be truly successful. To build an affluent society and country,
businesses whose size and capital have an inordinate influence on the
national economy must place national profit before institutional gain.
Like everyone else, business people are passionate and patriotic about
their country. They too want the nation to develop and succeed. However,
Koreans see business people in a different light.
Many Koreans have become biased against businesses because
political regimes have scapegoated us to cover up their own abusive
transgressions. These corrupt politicians have hoodwinked the people into
thinking that the intrinsically close relationship between government
and business lead to ill-gotten profits. Some people even believe that
Korean businesses are merely tools to enrich the owner. As a result, people
implore businesses to be internationally competitive, yet criticize their
growth in the same breath. ‘This is self-contradictory.
As I have mentioned, every time there has been political upheaval
in Korea, the first to be targeted has been businesses. The bigger the
business, the bigger the problems. In those difficult times, Hyundai was
misunderstood and slandered, ending up as a punching bag for social
critics. The most painful episode in Hyundai’s history was what became

280 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
known as the “Alaska suppression maneuver” following the May 16 Coup
in 1961. Counterrevolutionary forces imprisoned Park Im-hang, former
Commander of the First Corps and a former Minister of Construction.
Preposterously, Hyundai was suspected of funding these machinations.
The military regime even established a 30 to 40-member “Special
Investigation Committee on the Funding of Counterrevolutionaries
by Hyundai.” This committee confiscated our corporate documents and
even dragged some of our staff to an isolated, undisclosed place where
they were tortured for over a month. That was a staggering instance of
slander and misunderstanding.
Many Koreans still recall the “preferential allotment of Hyundai
Apartments incident,” involving Hyundai’s holding company (the Korea
Urban Development Company). ‘This occurred in the 1970s during a period
of remarkable economic growth in South Korea, when urbanization was
exploding. By 1970, the percentage of people living in cities increased
from 39 percent of the population (9.8 million people) to 50 percent
(15.7 million people). By 1975, 57 percent of the population (20 million
people) lived in urban areas. The shortage of urban housing became
acute. Land consumption for industrialization rapidly increased. Both of
these developments led to a spike in demand for new housing solutions
in limited urban areas.
Hyundai was a pioneer in the construction of high-rise apartments.
By January 1961, the company began constructing the country’s first
large-scale apartment buildings in the Mapo district of Seoul. Our foray
into apartment construction drew a lot of attention and led to a housing
boom. The expectation was that apartment construction would take
off in the 1970s. In 1973, Hyundai Construction began to build the
Seobinggo Hyundai Apartments. By March 1975, Hyundai began the
construction of a large-scale apartment complex in the Apgujeong
district of Gangnam, near the Han River. While the Seobinggo Hyundai
Apartments were completed before the peak of the apartment boom,
Chapter 8: Loving My Country, Loving the People | 281
resulting in full occupancy, the Apgujeong complex failed to sell all
the units. In 1975, we built a road along the Han River and acquired
the rights to develop the area. However, people preferred living north
of the Han River rather than in the south, which was predominantly
agricultural and underdeveloped. Since sales of units in the first to the
fourth apartment complexes were languishing, the rumor that “Chairman
Chung Ju-yung is going to live in the Apgujeong apartments” made the
rounds. But even my workers were uninterested. The incentive of a five-
year repayment plan for the apartments and a discount for Hyundai
workers failed to increase sales.
On March 25, 1976, we established the Korean Urban Development
Corporation. We were nearly finished with the third apartment site
and the Korean Urban Development Corporation was in charge of
constructing the fourth, fifth, and sixth apartment complexes. When
the construction of the fifth complex began in September 1977, we were
criticized for preferential allocation of apartments. As workers’ response
was exceptional, the demand for the fifth complex units was strong.
Unlike today, housing development regulations at the time required
submission of applications. Of the 782 apartments, Hyundai received
approval to set aside half for Hyundai workers and half for the public.
Due to the heavy demand for these units by our workers, I applied for
and received approval to have all of the apartments allotted to Hyundai
workers. At the same time, the general public also began to demand
more allotments.
My thinking was simple and based on pure business principles. I was
thankful when demand grew for these apartments. I believed that the
responsibility of a housing construction company is to provide apartments
to those who want them. Moreover, it is natural to want to sell and do
business with someone you know, whether you are selling a house or
something else. Koreans are no different. When demand for housing
became inelastic, real estate prices skyrocketed. ‘The final price increased
282 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
threefold from the original price of 100,000 won per square meter.
Then rumors began to spread that nonworkers were being allotted
Hyundai apartments that had been approved for workers. The Blue House
released a special statement to the press, accusing Hyundai of allotting
apartments to former ministers, generals, high-ranking government
officials, and journalists. Numerous newspaper articles noting the high
social rank of these individuals exacerbated public opinion. One former
presidential assistant who was allotted an apartment was investigated
at knifepoint by the authorities. The president of the Korean Urban
Development Corporation at the time, my second son Chung Mong-koo,
was arrested. Once again, my company files were confiscated. Newspapers
and television broadcasts attacked Hyundai and ostracized those individuals
who were rumored to have received privileged allocations. There was not
a grain of truth to these allegations. Although applicants were not given a
discount of 100,000 won, the fact that the apartments sold on the five-
year repayment plan suddenly saw an exponential increase in value made
our story that much more sensational.
A misguided public can be frightening. For the very first time, I
regretted leaving my hometown and coming to Seoul. Surrounded by
denunciation and censure on all sides, I decided that it would be best to
handle the situation by remaining silent. Some of my top executives
advised that I offer explanations to things, but I insisted that silence would
be the best response in this situation.
The snows of ‘Tongcheon came to mind. My hometown is located in
a region that receives a huge amount of snowfall. In winter, snow would
pile up to over one meter high. The people of my hometown think it is
foolish to shovel snow while it’s still snowing. Speaking to the public
in the midst of a media firestorm would have been just as foolish. Any
explanation would just be interpreted as making excuses, which would
only make our situation worse. In certain situations like these, no amount
of truth will get through. It would be like mindlessly running out in the
Chapter 8: Loving My Country, Loving the People | 283
middle of a storm or flood: it would only result in being swept away.
After our silence, we finally got our day in court. We were found
innocent, and all those charged with receiving preferential allotments
were freed from suspicion. However, the incidents damaged Hyundai's
reputation. People believe what they want to believe. Many Koreans still
questioned the validity of the court decision, relying on the stereotype
that “corporations walk hand-in-hand with corruption.”
Hyundai made its way the way I did: on its own. I believe that as
an individual or as a nation, one’s personal efforts are the keys to success.
Any businessman must set the foundation for his enterprise and
ignore any and all political considerationsT.h e businessman has to keep in
mind that his business doesn't belong just to him, but to society. When I
was younger, I viewed the rice shop as strictly my personal asset. Today,
however, I manage my businesses on behalf of my country and its people.
I believe it is time for the Korean government and the Korean
people to change their misguided views of Korean business. They need
to appreciate how small and big businesses alike rose from the ruins of
war to the world renowned corporations that they are today.
The successful Korean businessman is patriotic and loves his fellow
countrymen. The feeling needs to be mutual.
The bigger the better
Every once in a while, someone asks me how I became the richest man in
Korea. It’s a simple question, but it’s a rather difficult question to answer.
If I were to answer such a question in my own serious manner, I would
say the following: “I wanted to climb a mountain as fast as possible
without any thought of the risks involved. And I have reached the
summit before anyone.” Would such an answer satisfy such a simple
question? I don't believe so.
But this answer is the truth. Without regard for my circumstances,
284 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
I worked with a do-or-die attitude. Eventually, I became the owner of
a rice shop. I pushed myself again and ended up owning an automobile
repair garage. Ip ushed myself again and ended up starting a construction
company. I’ve lived my entire life this way. This is how I have ended up
where I am today.
Long ago, standing with my mother in front of the building that
housed the Japanese colonial government, I pointed to it and said that
one day we would live in a house like that. While I very much wanted
to be financially comfortable, my goal was not to work to become the
richest man in Korea. If that had been my ultimate goal, Hyundai would
not have succeeded, and I would just be living comfortably as a medium-
sized business owner.
Just because a potter dreams of molding the greatest ceramic work
that ever existed, it does not necessarily mean that he will succeed. Only
if the potter frees his mind from all distractions and concentrates solely
on the pottery process will he be able to create a work of lasting value.
I derive enormous satisfaction from working and watching my business
grow as it overcomes various challenges. Thus, I have enjoyed working
my whole life. After a while, though, I found that people began calling
me somethingI detest: a tycoon.
Having been raised on the social foundations of Confucianism,
Koreans traditionally believe that there is a certain noble virtue in poverty.
There was a strong tendency to consider the Confucian “superior man”
respectable while viewing merchants with contempt. They were the
lowest of the traditional four classes of society: scholars, farmers, artisans,
and merchants. Today it is common to recognize a businessman as a major
societal influence. Yet, Koreans are still skeptical of conglomerates.
I blame the state for this. For many generations, the government
has viewed businesses as being nothing other than a profit-maximizing
economic force. Whenever there was a change in the political regime,
the government rounded up business people on the pretext that they
Chapter 8: Loving My Country, Loving the People | 285
were involved in corruption or tax evasion. They mobilized the press to
fill their pages with stories of business leaders being dragged in, one
after another, for questioning. I think that the damage dealt to multiple
industries during such times has been beyond calculation.
Korean business people entered new foreign markets with a passion
and brought home foreign currency. Through their intense, sustained
efforts, they developed the professional capacity of our people. We were
able to grow and become as independent as we are today. We should
be generous in our evaluation of those industries that made these
developments possible. I hope that the distorted image of business that
has been fixed in the minds of society and politicians will be rectified as
we look back at Korea’s history in the 20" century.
In addition to the abuse of political power, Is ee rapid economic
growth as the other reason businesses have become targets of controversy
and criticism. Modern social and political institutions have existed in
Korea for nearly 200 years. The history of Catholicism in Korea goes back
two centuries, while that of modern media goes back just over a century.
Modern military, educational, and cultural institutions have existed for
more than 60 years, but the modern history of business is only 20 to
30 years old. Despite its short history, business has transformed South
Korea more than-any other institution. In the rush for development, we
made many mistakes. But this does not mean we deserved such severe
criticism.
At the very least, I hope that the Korean people can acknowledge
the commitment and service of the business people who contributed to
the rapid economic growth of the 1960s and stood on the front lines of
Korea’s internationalization. A child should be encouraged rather than
criticized in its development stage.
There is a lot of talk about how the tentacle-like corporate structure
of Korean conglomerates caused unbalanced economic development
and disharmony. While I cannot say that this is completely untrue, the
286 |
real problem is the disproportionate emphasis on wealth. I believe that
the bigger a corporation gets, the better. It is essential that these
conglomerates have the capacity to compete in world markets and bring
foreign currency to Korea. Arguments against the size of conglomerates
and corporate expansion are based on a parochial understanding of
the world.
I wonder if those who believe these arguments are aware that, while
the typical Korean conglomerate may have 20 to 30 afhliated companies,
its profits do not match those of a single large corporation in other
countries. A look at corporations in other parts of the world shows
that Korean conglomerates are still very much in the development stage.
Throughout the world, only Korea puts the brakes on conglomerates
out of concerns that they are getting too large. I find it frustrating that
Korean conglomerates receive so much criticism about being too large
Chapter 8: Loving My Country, Loving the People | 287
when they are only a thirtieth the size of some Japanese corporations
and a hundredth the size of some U.S. companies.
Koreans worry conglomerates monopolize the domestic markets
and sell their products domestically at higher than market prices. The
foremost mission of Korean conglomerates is to increase employment
and make a profit so that a portion of that can go into the nation’s treasury.
Korean enterprise must also produce high-quality products at affordable
prices for Korean consumers.
The goal of Hyundai has always been to profit in foreign markets
and then use that profit to create abundance in Korea. Because Hyundai
is doing just that, I feel no embarrassment, but rather pride. My hope is
that Hyundai will continue to grow so that one day it may be big enough
to compete on an equal footing with other multinational corporations
around the world.
Trying to stop something that is unifying the people and developing
288 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
the country’s economy does more harm than good. I hope that the country
does not make business a scapegoat again.
When will the private sector lead the economy?
For decades, I have been pushing for an economy led by the private
sector but to no avail. Development led by the private sector does not
imply that the private sector will assume government functions. The
fundamental role of the government is to create a balanced society. As
overseer of the national economy, the government's job is to set the general
direction of economic development and offer a vision for the future.
The private sector’s role is to handle the specifics, making independent
decisions, such as choosing key industries, making investments, and
setting prices.
When government and private enterprises each fulfill their respective
responsibilities and grow in tandem, you have private-sector-led economic
development. The government should only provide an overall framework
when it is necessary to promote certain industrial sectors, dispose of
insolvent companies, and ensure a level playing field. It should allow
companies to make decisions according to changes in the international
market. It is time for the government to loosen its control over businesses.
The financial structure of a company is the most commonly used
criterion for determining a company’s strengths and weaknesses. However,
outdated authoritarian attempts to control the business sector while
ignoring free market practices is a dead weight tied around the ankles
of Korean businesses. It handicaps their ability to compete in global
markets. In addition, it is only when the government maintains strict
standards by which to determine which companies can function properly
within the national economy, such as the minimum ability to raise capital
and a healthy balance sheet, that businessmen will strive to meet them.
Only then will company insolvencies become less frequent and the
Chapter 8: Loving My Country, Loving the People | 289
government will no longer have to force the hapless Korea Development
Bank into taking over insolvent companies.
Rather than meddling in the affairs of the private sector, the
government should fulfill its responsibilities to manage the nation’s
capital, public property, roads, and ports. It should report on economic
progress and present plans for the future. The government has no right
to intervene in matters that belong to the private sector, such as
production activities or product categories. Such government intervention
is misguided and ineffective. Trying to run the economy in a top-down
way, by leading or guiding, must be rejected.
Having a weak government so that companies can pursue profits
at will is not the reason why business people want an economy led by
the private sector. The government should be limited but strong. The
government should be potent, impartial, and worldly-wise. In a world
where national economies are becoming more protective, the government
should conceive of its role in a new way. It should encourage unity and
cooperation so that Korea is more competitive.
Both the quality and the size of our economy have increased. The
days when it was impossible to raise capital, secure technology, and
efficiently enter new markets without the government’s involvement are
long gone. In other words, the government needs to rethink its role,
bringing the private sector’s adventurousness to bear on the nation’s
economic development.
Planned economies that prevailed during rapid economic development
are now remnants of something that should have been abandoned a
while ago.
It has been more than 10 years since the policy to allow the economy
to be led by the private sector was implemented. But it seems to me
that neither the government nor the private sector is fulfilling their
responsibilities in a way that will allow a full and true transition to a
market economy.
290 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
The government has stood by and watched things go awry by not
giving the private sector enough room to maneuver. At the same time,
they are encouraging the private sector to take on tasks that should be the
government's responsibility. The government still tries to solve problems
the old way, using direct intervention that only skews the market. There
are still policies that restrict competition, and the government often
tries to mediate breaches of contract between Korean private companies
and foreign companies. Government financing continues, and financial
liberalization, an essential part of an economy led by the private sector,
has still not become a reality.
Private companies are also part of the problem. They argue for
creating a favorable environment for conducting business autonomously
while seeking government support and demanding policies that would
eliminate competition. Some companies make contradictory claims,
demanding restrictions on the imported goods of rival companies while
asking for preferential tariffs when it comes to machinery and equipment
related to their own products. Others are reluctant to make payments
to small and medium-sized enterprises with which they do business
but when it comes to their own affiliates, they cry out for state support.
There are so many similar cases that it is hard to list them all. I have
come across a number of CEOs who seem to lack understanding of the
meaning of responsibility and lack the qualities of a sincere and honest
entrepreneur.
An economy led by the private sector can be achieved only if the
government, companies, and individuals fully accept their roles and
responsibilities and come together with a strong determination to achieve
economic modernization. In the past, the price of all goods was determined
by the government. Consequently, businesses colluded on price. However,
that kind of logic cannot apply in a private sector-led economy.
Harmonizing the public interest and free enterprise based on the
concept of private property is one of the greatest challenges of Korea’s
Chapter 8: Loving My Country, Loving the People | 291
economic system at present. If public interests are given precedence,
it may discourage corporate creativity and efficiency. If public interests
are neglected, then society may become fractured as private business
interests are unduly emphasized.
Regardless of how minor a policy may be the government should
not make the mistake of rushing to implement it solely on the basis of
some expert’s report. Policymakers should work carefully and calmly to
develop the most rational, promising conclusion, taking into consideration
the opinions of people from all levels of society.
Another crucial task for the government is to foster a positive social
atmosphere in which businesses and individuals can grow by maximizing
their creativity and efficiency. Workers and consumers will be able to
engage in economic activities with full confidence in the national
government.
The effectiveness of national policies can be maximized only if
the people have confidence in them. International competitiveness is
determined by which country or which company can come up with the
timeliest, most relevant alternative policies that help them adapt to change.
One American sociologist has stated that the only country qualified
to adopt democracy in the Far East is Korea. He argues that Koreans
are more frank, open, creative, and progressive than the Chinese or the
Japanese. I fully agree with this assertion. It is time to pursue stability
founded on the true meaning of autonomy, flexibility, and market
principles rather than the illusory stability based upon rigid control.
Although I can’t say with full confidence that we are successful
at present, I am certain that we will follow a model of democratic
capitalism through a system led by the private sector. Despite high
interest rates and high tax rates, the Korean private sector has managed to
defend the free-enterprise economy and achieve growth. If an economy
led by the private sector can continue to support the competitiveness
that Korean companies have already achieved, I have no doubt that the
292 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
Korean economy will be able to overcome any economic recession and
make a second or even third leap forward in the near future.
Fundamentals over frippery
From its founding, the Republic of Korea has adhered to the principles
of free markets. But the economy under President Syngman Rhee’s First
Republic cannot be called a modern economy. Yet his accomplishments
are undeniable, because he was able to maintain public order through
years of hardships.
The world was astonished by Korea’s industrial modernization
under President Park Chung-hee, a feat that was accomplished with
limited capital and technology.
A French critic said, “Waiting for economic development or
democracy in Korea is like waiting for rain in the desert.” This was
ignorant and inaccurate.
President Park Chung-hee made the bold decision to give a
certification of credit to entrepreneurs who submitted a trustworthy
business plan, even if they had no capital, experience, or credibility. A
company that submitted an acceptable repayment schedule received
loans, built factories, and sold commodities in the global market. This
combination of government support and efforts by entrepreneurs laid
the cornerstone of Korea’s industrial and economic modernization.
Korea's per-capita GDP was $60 in the 1950s. The Philippines’ was
$800. Now, Korea’s per-capita GDP has increased to $10,000 while the
Philippines’ has stagnated. Compared to Taiwan or Singapore, we still
have a long way to go. For a brief period of time between 1987 and 1988,
Korea was ahead of Taiwan in exports and GDP, but unfortunately
our economy is currently in decline due to ongoing social and political
instability.
For more than 10 years, Korea has been facing economic hardship. A
Chapter 8: Loving My Country, Loving the People | 293
country’s economic power is determined by its international competitiveness
in manufacturing. Korea’s industries have developed amid governments
that favored service industries over the manufacturing sector. In spite of
this, manufacturing has been expanding considerably. Banks are currently
not functioning properly and some are failing because of excessively
protectionist policies. The five largest commercial banks are struggling
because of the government’s suffocating control of the financial sector.
The government is even managing the loans of private corporations.
Policymakers are always talking about building an economy based
on credit. They have the right idea. Once good credit is established,
the country can achieve undeterred economic development and growth.
However, the government cannot control bank credit if this is to happen.
Bank credit should be readily available to any qualified private enterprise,
but government management of the credit provided to private companies is
a key impediment. For the proper economic development, the government
should relinquish control of credit.
A company’s economic situation improves or deteriorates along with
the vicissitudes of the world economy. During an economic downturn,
it should be able to overcome its difficulties with the help of banks. In
times of economic boom, companies should build better credit by drawing
down their debts.
The government should do its job while businesses do theirs.
However, the government still gives financial benefits to companies
with solvency problems, risking the national economy and excessively
interfering in corporate affairs. This further discourages companies and
wreaks havoc with the economy as a whole.
The same applies to the question of interest rates. At one time,
Japan adjusted its industry interest rates to five percent. With high
interest rates, we are not able to compete in global markets. Goods from
countries with low interest rates have a competitive edge. To this day,
Japanese corporations continue to enjoy a high level of competitiveness
294 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
supported by low interest rates. Rather than controlling bank financing,
the government should readjust the interest rate in relation to rival
economies so that Korean companies can gain competitiveness globally.
In 1989, the Korean won was valued 20 percent higher than the
Japanese yen. At this time, Japan was relatively stable overall. Korean
bureaucrats made excuses about the overvaluation of the won. If Korean
interest rates remain twice as high as Japan, many economists say that
Korean corporations will continue to struggle.
The Korean government has amended labor laws so that Koreans
work fewer hours than their Japanese counterparts. [he government
gives the impression that Korea is only a step away from being ranked
as a developed country, when in reality there is a huge gap between the
annual per-capita income of developed countries ($20,000) and Korea’s
($10,000). This kind of exaggeration and hype has encouraged people
to spend more on luxuries. Increased imports have caused a balance of
payments deficit, widening the gap between social classes, causing prices
to rise, and taxes to soar. All of this has reduced the people’s motivation
to work for further economic progress. Ultimately, the blame for what
has taken place lies with ineffective government policies.
I believe that with the proper combination of government guidance
and private sector creativity, the country can run efficiently. This will
make it easier for us to reach the ultimate goal of balanced regional
development and a prosperous society.
While developed nations walk, we must run to catch up.
‘The government must do its job and leave the rest to the private sector.
Chapter co)
My Philosophyt,he Spirit of Hyundai
“As a businessman and a hard working laborer born of this land,
I feel an infinite sense of pride that
I have contributed my share to this country’s breakthrough. ”
| Chapter 9 |
My Philosophy, the Spirit of Hyundai
The Hyundai spirit
We at Hyundai have worked assiduously for the past 30 years. I am
proud of the leading role we have played in every aspect of our country’s
economic development. When I argued that the Korean economy should
concentrate on the development of the heavy and chemical industry,
many doubted that we could do it. But we did.
Hyundai Motor and Hyundai Shipbuilding are the epitome of
our success. Hyundai Engineering & Construction has played a central
role in the development of every Korean industry. Even the World
Bank acknowledged in a report that the self-modernization of Korea’s
construction industry was responsible for the country’s economic growth.
I am proud to say that, of all the businesses that contributed to Korea’s
progress, Hyundai played the leading role.
There have been many changes in Korean politics between the First
and Sixth Republics. Each time political power switched hands, the new
sophomoric leadership blamed business as the source of all problems.
They claimed that conglomerates had grown too large or didn’t do enough
Chapter 9: My Philosophy, the Spirit of Hyundai | 297
for society and the underprivileged. They would find any reason to
blame the conglomerates and use that reason to keep them on a tight
leash. In the midst of all the turmoil, Hyundai has never been publicly
criticized for unfair practices like tax evasion. Yet, during the era of
President Chun Doo-hwan’s Special Committee for National Security
Measures, Hyundai was deemed too successful and needed to be cut
down to size. Hyundai International was seized in the blink of an eye with
no monetary compensation. To this day, the case is still pending in court.
Despite this outrageous affront, perpetrated by those ignorant
leaders, I never stooped to cozying up with the authorities for the sake
of my business. I want to reiterate what I said at the National Assembly
hearing on the Il-hae Foundation: Hyundai has become what it is today by
working for the country’s economic development and never conducting
a single shady deal.
When our economy was at its worst and everyone was worrying
about imminent bankruptcy, Hyundai workers ventured out into
undeveloped regions in the Middle East. Through our combined efforts,
we earned the capital that would play a pivotal role in overcoming the
foreign currency crisis. Ihe amount of dollars that we brought into our
country was so large that our inept economic policymakers naively thought
it would cause inflation.
Hyundai also brought the 1988 Olympics to Seoul, allowing Korea
to showcase itself to the world. Our staff members in Frankfurt and
throughout the world played a vital role in successfully lobbying the
International Olympic Committee in Baden-Baden, Germany. Even
though I was initially reluctant, I also accepted the chairmanship of the
Korean Sport & Olympic Committee. In that capacity, I designed and
pulled off a deficit-free Olympics, as well as planned future uses for the
Olympic facilities.
I was also the architect of revitalizing the dying Han River. The
dikes I built around Namhan River paved the way for the development
298 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
of the Gangnam district today. Hyundai could have made a fortune, but
I decided to sell the land under market value at the rate of 5,500 won per
square meter to the Seoul Municipal Government. This land is today’s
renowned Gangnam.
Through Hyundai, I was able to do everything a company could
possibly do. Our construction projects included the Gyeongbu Expressway,
various ports, including the Port of Busan; and power plants. Hyundai
built the nuclear plants that generate 50 percent of the electric power
consumed in Korea today and have since operated them efficiently with
no accidents. In the absence of Hyundai, the Korean economy would
have lagged behind by at least a decade or two. We are not merely
merchants out for a buck. We are a group of gifted individuals united
by the call to lead our country, to build our national economy, and to
serve as the backbone of our economic prosperity.
Today, the Korean economy is on the verge of collapse because
of a chronic lack of leadership. However, with a renewed spirit of
determination, it is now time for the Korean economy to takeoff once
again. Through our long history, Hyundai has overcome many adverse
conditions and has learned that anything is possible if we set our minds
fO}1t;
As we have in the past and present, I firmly believe that Hyundai
will play an indispensable role in Korea’s future economic progress. That
is the spirit by which Hyundai carries out its mission. It is this sense of
duty to the nation thatI have instilled in every member of the Hyundai
family.
No more corruption, please
What makes a country advance, stagnate, or self-destruct? Mindset.
To me, the single most important factor that determines a country’s
well-being is the mindset of government officials, business people,
Chapter 9: My Philosophy, the Spirit of Hyundai | 299
and the peopleT.he river of corruption always flows down. Government
corruption pollutes other sectors of the society. In such a society, businesses
struggle to be efficient, and people fail to live up to their full potential.
In Korea, every time power changes hands, the new regime cries out “No
Corruption!” Inevitable calls for cleaning up society and the government
are zealously propagated. Regretfully, such slogans have always turned
out to be empty. The frustrating reality today is that our entire society
bears a great sense of disappointment and betrayal.
Japan has one of the lowest rates of corruption in the world and is
an Asian and global economic powerhouseT.h e same goes for Singapore,
a rising star in Asia. Despite its population of only 2.5 million, compared
to South Korea’s 37 million, Singapore’s exports of $25 billion in 1980
had already surpassed Korea’s exports by $3.5 billion.
What is the source of Singapore’s strength?
Singapore is such a small country that even their own people say
their only natural resource is air. If that’s their only resource, how do we
account for their success? They are successful because their government,
businesses, and people are honest and transparent.
The Singaporeans are incredibly resourceful. They bring in ground
water from Malaysia through pipelines, purify it, use one-third of it
for themselves, and resell the rest to Malaysia. They have also quickly
become the top regional oil exporter, by purchasing and refining oil from
their Southeast Asian neighbors. Lastly, exploiting their geographical
location at the corridor of the Strait of Malacca, they earn foreign reserves
by repairing ships.
When Hyundai took on dredging and construction projects in
Singapore, all the site managers dispatched there said to a tee: “There
is no country like Singapore. It’s a great place to work.”
It is said that in Singapore, whether high ranking or low ranking,
government inspectors do not demand under-the-table payments. Because
no bribes are demanded and no financial or material kick-backs are
300 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
proffered, workers can focus solely on getting the job done efhiciently.
All they have to do is simply follow the work plan, not cut corners,
and not be distracted by unnecessary annoyances. In other words, in
an atmosphere that applauds high-quality work, morale and efficiency
increase naturally. Thus, every project in Singapore, whether it be civil
engineering or construction, can be completed at the lowest overall cost.
No wonder Singapore is so prosperous.
The majority of the Singaporeans are ethnic Chinese. Having
migrated south from China, the Singaporean Chinese have adjusted to
the difficulties of living in a new hot climate with no natural resources.
Compared to Korea, Singapore has a harsher climate and greater
educational and cultural challenges to overcome. In spite of this, they
enjoy a higher quality of life than we do because their politics and society
are not corrupt, which makes them more efficient. Singapore owes its
growth to its clean government.
Only in a society that is free from corruption in all aspects can
people reach their full potential. In such a country, because there is no
unnecessary waste, their products are competitive; the national budget
is not diverted to useless projects; their people are full of pride; and they
can achieve maximum efhciency.
In a country where government officials are actively seeking out
bribes, everything from securing funds to making and selling the final
product becomes that much more burdensome for businesses. Since the
price of products needs to be increased to cover the cost of these bribes,
the product loses competitiveness.
When corrupt officials meddle in all levels and phases of manufacturing
operation, it quickly erodes the company’s productivity. The construction
industry is a great example. If relations between the company’s staff and
the subcontractors are transparent, the subcontractors are likely to work
more efficiently, knowing that their profit margins are guaranteed, no
matter how small the overall contract may be. On the other hand, if the
Chapter 9: My Philosophy, the Spirit of Hyundai | 301
company’s staff is not transparent, subcontractors will pretend to work
hard, just to get by. And when the company’s staff itself is corrupt, its
attempt to enforce the terms of the contract fall on deaf ears. As a result,
the subcontractor will intentionally and consciously do a shoddy job.
It was important for me that Hyundai be the largest company in
Korea. But what surpassed that desire was for Hyundai to earn the
reputation of incorruptibility. An individual, a society, or a country can
only prosper with a clean mindset. In a society free of corruption, all people
will be inspired to serve their country. ‘This, in turn, will lead to action,
and from this action we will reap the dazzling benefits of development.
Money and wealth are not the same
Seduced by the utopian promises of equal distribution of food and
resources, many countries chose communism. However, we now know
that communism is a system which equally distributes poverty, not wealth.
It may sound fair and efficient for the government to own everything
and distribute things equally among the people, but what sounds good
in theory is impossible in reality.
Humans are humans, not robots. It is in our nature to love ourselves
more than others; to want more things than others have, to love our child
more than another’s child, and to succeed more than others. The ideology
of communism that ignores this fundamental nature of man is nothing
but a failed, romanticized ideal.
That communist states are now rushing to introduce market
mechanisms is proof of capitalism’s superiority. Of course, capitalism
is not without its faults. Even under the same system, each person is
different. Depending on one’s ability, diligence, and mindset, some prosper
while others fail.
Communism preaches, “from each according to his ability, to each
according to his needs.” In fact, each individual is ultimately responsible
302 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
for his own success or failure, given the same circumstances and equal
opportunities. But criticizing the unfairness of a society that benefits
those with greater talents and abilities is also a part of human nature.
Therefore, liberal democracies view social justice as rebalancing the order
that has been disturbed by disparities in wealth and talent. They collect
more taxes from the rich to subsidize the living standards of the poor.
A free and balanced economy unleashes the people’s creativity and
encourages them to grow and develop beyond their limits. The proper way
to create a free and balanced economy is by taxing profits to alleviate the
inherent shortcomings of the capitalistic system and to reduce economic
imbalances. The wrong way to create a free and balanced economy is
to break up the most profitable companies to level the playing field
artificially.
The true spirit and purpose of liberalism and capitalism lie beyond
the pursuit of individual wealth. The proper spirit of a free and balanced
economy is to work hard and use your earnings to provide your family
with a decent way of life, then serve your community and contribute to
society. Loan-sharking or relying on interests from banks to earn a living
is not true capitalism; it’s perverted capitalism.
I have my own definition of “uneven distribution of wealth.” It
is wrong to think that your wealth is based on your possessions.
Accumulating material goods is not everyone’s goal. There are people
like me who started a career in business to escape poverty. Then there
are others who pursued higher education and became technicians,
academics, clergy, artists, or journalists. Each individual pursues what
he or she wants and strives to fulfill his or her own personal goals.
Money is not the only kind of wealth. I think those who have
fulfilled their career goals already possess “wealth” that goes beyond
material possessions. In this manner, they are already wealthy. A society
that places material wealth as superior to personal knowledge and
fulfillment will inevitably unravel. Material wealth is temporary but
Chapter 9: My Philosophy, the Spirit of Hyundai | 303
knowledge is permanent. The singular pursuit of materialistic possessions
undermines the healthy growth of society.
Money is not wealth.
Frugality and honesty lead to wealth
Thriftiness was a trait that every member of my family shared. My wife
managed to eke out a living wherever we went. Whether we were living
in a tiny rented room, running a rice shop, or living with my younger
siblings in Seoul, my wife continued to sell rice and tofu on the side.
Before national liberation in 1945, my parents moved into our traditional
house in Seoul. Because the number of people living in the house had
grown to 20, we decided to move to a larger house. But this “larger”
house was a mere 66 square meters, too small for my sister and her
husband to even have their own room.
Even when Ado Service was a decent sized company with nearly 60
workers, I limited our communal breakfast to only one type of kimchi
and a bowl of soup. Everyday my mother and wife would prepare and
deliver meals to our workers, carrying the tray of food on their heads.
When my father lived on his farm, he would go out to collect
cattle and dog manure for fertilizer, carrying that straw basket of his,
even in the depths of winter. Because it was also such a precious source
of fertilizer, my mother would put a bucket in front of Grandfather’s
seodang to collect the children’s urine. The children would often go to the
bathroom elsewhere, but whenever they used a different toilet, my mother
would entice them with roasted beans. Even if my father was somewhere
else in the village, when he needed to use the toilet, he would always
come home and contribute to the manure. My mother would gather
mulberry leaves from a distant valley to feed the cattle, and every time
she would bring back more leaves than anyone else.
When I was in primary school, at the end of the day, my mother
304 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
had me place sesame leaves in the rice field. Because the cows were
sensitive to the sesame leaves’ smell, this would prevent them from
entering the field. Allowing the cows to ruin the fields was no different
than throwing away one’s hard-earned money.
I once came across a story on television about a young man from
the countryside. What he said was deeply moving: “I have friends that
got a job in the city and make several hundred thousand won every
month. But they use their salary on this and that, barely being able to
save 10 percent. Even though I make less than half of what they make,
I am still able to save more than half of my monthly earnings. So I
believe that if I continue to work hard, I will soon be much better off
than those friends.” With his wife and child next to him, the young
man’s confident words resounded that much more loudly.
I have always been frugal. When I left home at 19, when I did
manual labor on the docks, when I carried stones at construction sites,
when I did every other kind of job that I could possibly find, I saved
and saved. To save money on wood, I made fire only once during the
night, even in the winter months. I cooked breakfast and lunch with
a single fire, while heating up flat stones to keep warm. I didn’t smoke
because cigarette smoke wasn't going to fill my stomach. I could not
imagine my money literally going up in smokes. I certainly wasn't going
to waste the money that I broke my back to earn.
Even when I had a stable job as a rice delivery boy at the Bokheung
Rice Shop, I would rise at dawn and walk to work to save the five cent
trolley fare. 1 hammered cleats into my shoes to keep the soles from
wearing out too fast. I had one suit. During the winter, I had to wear
long johns under it. Instead of buying a newspaper, I would read the
one delivered to my workplace. I would always save half the sack of rice
that was my monthly wage. I saved every one of my holiday bonuses.
I was relentless in my frugality. 1 squeezed every cent out of my
meager wages. By doing so, a rented room became a leased room, a leased
Chapter 9: My Philosophy, the Spirit of Hyundai | 305
room became a thatched-roof house of our own, and that house became
a house with a real roof. Being frugal had other benefits. I earned a
reputation as a trustworthy and reliable young man.
Because my legendary frugality enabled me to buy my own house
and start a business, I had no hesitation in exhorting my workers to
always save their money and lead a frugal lifestyle.
“Why would you need a TV when you live in a small rented room?
A small radio is enough to let you know what’s going on in the world.
Hold on until you get your own house. The company provides work
clothes, towels, and even underwear, so don’t spend money on clothes.
Just buy one suit and wear it only when you visit your in-laws. Save,
save, save!”
Spending habits today are spiraling out of control. Buying cars
before buying houses... Young housewives with babies on their backs,
diaper bag in one hand, and cellphone in the other... I don't trust people
who spend all their money and are always in debt. In good times or bad,
never live beyond your means, for how you live today will influence what
your life will look like in 10 years. Even the nation can’t save people who
make bad financial decisions. But by working hard and being frugal, you
can be anyone you want, even if you don’t have millions.
In my life, many business people claiming to have the next “big
thing” have asked me for money. They professed that they didn't have
anyone else to ask. In those situations, I always said, “What you lack is
credibility, not capital. It’s not because your character is flawed. It’s just
that you haven’ established trust that would allow a stranger or a third
person to lend you money. That’s why it’s so hard for you to get it. If
you can convince the other person that you are trustworthy, money will
naturally flow in.”
A man’s trustworthiness, sincerity, and honesty are his capital.
With that capital, he can expand and develop his business as he desires.
Experience has taught me that it is preferable for a company to have its
306 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
own sources of capital. But, one can still run a business with good credit
even in the absence of capital. Even when he speaks the truth, a person
who has committed fraud in the past will always be treated as a fraud.
This holds true for both individuals and businesses. An individual's
credit allows him to start a small business. With that credit, he can expand.
In no time, a medium-sized company can build itself up into a major
company, and a major company can become a multinational corporation.
One might rightfully question how I developed such a successful
business after leaving home with nothing. However, one thing I need to
point out is that I’m not the wealthiest person in Korea, but 1 am a person
who has the greatest credibility in Korean and global economic circles.
I wouldn't have been able to do what I did by just hoarding money.
My diligence and honesty were the keys to my success. Because my
boss trusted me, he gave me the rice shop. I was also able to get the capital
to start my business because I had a reputation for being trustworthy.
‘The trust that I earned from conducting financial transactions, executing
supply contracts, meeting deadlines, providing exceptional quality
construction, and fulfilling every other aspect of my business was what
allowed me to build Hyundai. Hyundai Construction alone does business
with more than 20 of the world’s top banks. Its credit is so good, that with
just a promissory note, we can borrow $2-3 billion without government
guarantees.
Even a bird must be diligent if it wants the biggest worm. The
lifespan of men is similar, yet some work 10 or 20 times more than
others. There are those who live their entire lives without doing one-
tenth or one-hundredth of the amount of work they are capable of.
It is only natural to think that a person who works ten times more than
others would be ten times more tired. Yet, I’ve found that those who
complain of being tired and bored are the lazy ones. Thus, I strongly
believe that people must work to live a full life. Work itself is a blessing
from God.
Chapter 9: My Philosophy, the Spirit of Hyundai | 307
ns. From le
fong-geun and Cl
CChhuunngg JJuu--vyuunngg iinn hhiis s ooffffiiccee.
308 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
If you are diligent for a day, you will sleep comfortably for a night.
If you are diligent for a month, the quality of your life will noticeably
improve. If you are diligent for a year, two years, 10 years, your whole
life... your accomplishments will be recognized by all. The diligent lead
lives a 100 times more productive than the lazy. Their lives are thus
more fulfilling. If you work 10 times more than a lazy person, then you
are in fact shouldering the lives of hundreds.
Unless your life goal is wasting time, then the first thing I recommend
is to be diligent. Being diligent forces you to move a lot, think a lot, and
work a lot. Diligence mirrors your sincerity about living a full life. So I
don’t trust anyone who is lazy. If you are diligent in attending to your
daily needs, then over time you will become credible and reap the benefits
of your diligence. I believe this applies to every individual, every business,
and every country.
Credibility grows like a tree.
Credibility is honorable.
Positive thinking is the road to happiness
In all of my years, I never thought of myself as underprivileged even
when I was working on the farm on an empty stomach with no hope
for my future. When I should have been eating a lot as a kid, Ih ad gruel
more than white rice and often had to skip lunch. However, I can’t
remember ever being miserable about living in a poor rural village. I also
don't recall being depressed that I could not become a teacher, rather
destined to be a farmer. And I never wondered why we were so poor or
why I was born to such poor parents, and why I had to endure such
hardships.
Thankfully, ’m a naturally positive person. I was born with the
ability to accentuate the positive rather than the negative. Since I was
10 years old, I worked with my father under the scorching sun. I worked
Chapter 9: My Philosophy, the Spirit of Hyundai | 309
all day, never taking time to stretch my aching back. But in all that time,
never once did I complain or slack off. When the time came to take a
short break in the shade, those precious moments when I could feel the
cool breeze on my face were like Heaven. Returning home exhausted,
I slept soundly and woke up the next morning ready to go. Even food
tasted as sweet as honey.
But that didn’t mean I was always full. When I went to the market to
sell wood, it was difficult to take my eyes off of the rice cakes, noodles, and
other delicious treats. I still remember how my shrunken belly growled
with pangs of hunger. My father allowed me to buy two pieces of street
candy with the one cent I got for the wood. I was so happy returning
home as the candy slowly dissolved in my mouth. So I couldn't be happier
or more grateful when Chuseok came, and I got to wear rubber shoes.
On a cool evening after a day of blazing heat, the family would burn
a stock of wormwood to keep the mosquitos away while snacking on
steamed corn. Even my unemotional father would laugh at my exuberant
mother’s jokes. Because he was normally so strict with me and my brothers,
it was sheer bliss on those rare occasions when he actually laughed.
Father spent most of his winter months twisting straw to make
ropes and shoes. I had complained how much I hated twisting the straw
ropes because it-hurt my hands. For some reason, he actually gave me
a break. So as long as I prepared the fodder and fed the cattle every
morning and evening, I got to play as much as I wanted. When the
villagers went hunting, they were sometimes lucky enough to catch a
deer or a boar. With snow piling up as tall as a man, we would gather
for a bountiful feast. I couldn’t be happier. Even though I didn’t like
the fact that farming wasn't profitable compared to the work put in, I
was happy spending time with my parents, siblings, and friends in my
hometown. I did not leave my hometown because I was unhappy. I
left because I wanted to do something different from farming. I badly
wanted to earn more money to provide a better life for my parents and
310 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
siblings. I believed I could only do so if I moved to a city.
Moving to the city was not an easy decision. After all, I didn't have
a proper education. Moreover, in the city, I didn’t have any friends or
anyone to rely on. All the while, I had to do hard labor. But despite all
this, I never once regretted leaving home and never complained. Even
when bitten by bedbugs in the workers’ quarters or when moving stones
at the Korea University construction site, I remained undaunted and
never slacked off. I just continued to work hard.
In the struggle to find a better job, not once did I feel frustrated or
disappointed. If you inherit good health from your parents and learn
the value of diligence and hard work, nothing can stop you. Tomorrow
will be better than today, and the day after tomorrow wiill be even better.
Knowing this, I’ve always been happy and full of life.
Graduating from temporary manual labor to a stable job at the
Pungjeon Taffy Factory was a big step forward. And moving from the
taffy factory to a rice shop was a bigger step forward. As happy as I was
being hired at the taffy factory, 1 was even happier when the rice shop
hired me. Even though I had to make the long commute to the rice shop
on foot to save the five-cent trolley fare, I was elated to have a great job.
I still remember how good it felt when my improved financial situation
allowed me to afford a 10 cent meal instead of my usual five cent meal.
I was happy when my boss recognized my effort and wanted me to
do more than merely delivering rice. Iw as happy when I could finally
afford to ride the trolley. I was happy every time I moved: from a tiny
room to a small room to a larger room. 1 was happy when I could at last
buy my own house, an old-fashioned, thatched-roof place on top of a
hill. At that time, I was so happy, my stomach felt full even when empty.
Throughout my 80 years, there have been hard times of frustration
and harder times of humiliation and defeat when all I could do was
clench my teeth and bear it. But if we set those times aside, I believe
that 90 percent of my life has been full of joy and meaning. I have truly
Chapter 9: My Philosophy, the Spirit of Hyundai | 311
lived well.
What does it mean to say someone lives well?
What does it mean to live well?
Are you considered a happy person if you're rich?
No. I think otherwise. What circumstances a person was born into,
what position he is in, or what he does for a living, does not matter. Only
when he gives his best and lives fully in the present is a man truly happy.
A man who lives fully in the present while dreaming of a brighter
future, a man who enjoys his work and who finds happiness in the
smallest of things, that man will find success in whatever he does. Such
a man is one who lives well. Whether youre a mid-level or highly skilled
engineer, a Chinese food delivery boy, a student, or an executive, it’s
the same.
As we grow, we develop a deeper understanding of society and
cultivate our own identity. Our perspectives, attitudes, and way of thinking
change greatly throughout our lives.
Some people are born with disabilities. Yet, those who live with
an open heart and positive mind are respected by society and play an
important role. On the other hand, there are people born with healthy
bodies but who live useless lives because their perspective towards life
is negative. Everyone has the ability to solve his or her own problems.
But to do this, positive thinking is criticalW. e should always remember
that every major achievement was led by men with positive attitudes.
The Ulsan shipyard began with a single positive thought: “I can do
it.” From this humble beginning, the massive project became a reality.
First I went to Britain to ask for a loan. I told them I would build a
500,000-ton dock to construct 300,000 and 500,000-ton ships. With
the money I made from selling these ships, I would be able to pay back
my loan in full. But their response was, “You have no experience making
ships of this size. You have no technical expertise. Our answer is no.”
Despite their misgivings, I was adamant that we could do it. After
312 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
my repeated entreaties, the British bankers made inquiries into the Korea
Shipbuilding Corporation through the British embassy in Seoul. Still,
their answer was, “It can't be done.”
Having already been rejected by the French and Swiss banks for
the same reasons, Britain was my last hope for securing a loan. I told
them, “A job can be done only by people who truly believe that it can
be done. If someone else in Korea believed that they could build a
shipyard, they would already be here, sitting in front of you. But they’re
not here because they don't believe it’s possible. ’m here because I know
it is. If you ask naysayers, their response will always be negative. But
that is not me. I will get this done, no matter what. Please take another
look at our application.”
They nodded. The Ulsan shipyard became a reality.
A life without daily self-improvement has no meaning. We live in
order to make ourselves better. No one can control where they’re born
or what kind of family they’re born into—these conditions are naturally
unique. But there is one thing we have in common. Our future will be
determined by our effort. Thus, our future is our own responsibility. No
matter how hard things seem today, with a positive attitude, we can all
Chung Ju-yung playing softball, 1981.
Chapter 9: My Philosophy, the Spirit of Hyundai | 313
find joy in the midst of our troubles.
Take a close look at someone who has failed. You will find that he
is displeased with everyone and everything. He blames his situation on
others. He is always angry. He complains that nothing goes his way.
His heart is full of hatred for humanity. He wastes all his energy on
complaining and detesting others. He gives up his ability to solve his
own problems and continuously fails.
Negativity and pessimism impede self-development. A man who can't
break through that wall will never amount to anything. Such a person
makes himself and everyone around him miserable. He falls behind his
peers, wastes his precious time, and his life eventually ends in failure.
The conditions for happiness
Although there is only one word for “happiness,” the emotion of happiness
can be felt in many different ways, depending on one’s perspective or
situation. Those who are deeply religious may feel happy when they
believe in the beauty of their relationship with their god. In the same
manner, a mother whose chief concern is for her child to ace the college
entrance examination will be happiest when that child gains admission.
I’m someone who is happiest when taking risks and bidding against
international competitors in foreign markets. In those foreign markets,
even developed countries dedicate their formidable resources to ensuring
that lucrative construction bids are won. Even though actual lives are not
at stake, the competition is extremely fierce, arising from the strategic
calculations needed to select the best options from the collective industrial
and technological information available at the time. I often felt exhilarated
engaging in these ferocious battles. However, I’m just as likely to find the
same pleasure when I wake up early in the morning, and before reading
the daily newspaper, come upon a passage in a book that reflects my own
thinking.
314 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
Throughout my life, people have always labeled me as a lucky man.
Many times when people see others succeed, they reflexively say, “He
must be really lucky.” They fail to recognize all the hard work and passion
that go into making that “luck.” Ib elieve luck is the result of effort.
When people who use luck as a crutch inevitably fail, rather than
reflecting on their own responsibility, they cowardly reassure themselves,
“T was unlucky.” Yet, I have an unorthodox view of luck. There is no
such thing as fate or destiny. I cannot fathom how your year, month, or
date of birth determines your destiny. There is a good and bad side
to everything, just as there is night and day, darkness and light. You
determine your fate.
“Luck” is about knowing when to seize the right moment. I believe
that “good” luck or “bad” luck only arises from how you manage time.
Apart from those who die young, we all have roughly the same amount
of time on earth to develop ourselves, just as we are all born equal.
And within our lifespans, I believe each person also undergoes
roughly equal amounts of good times and bad times. Self-development
is contingent on one’s ability to make the most of the good times through
hard work and diligence. When times are bad, all we can do is assess
our situation and carry on. By doing so, we can overcome the bad times
without needing to rely on luck. The course of one’s life is not determined
by the timing of one’s birth, but by the choices he or she makes in both
good times and bad.
People who work hard understand how to take advantage of good
timing. Even when times are bad, they still make an effort to minimize
or avoid adverse consequences, appearing to come away unscathed. This
is why these kinds of people always seem lucky to others. In contrast,
lazy people miss the opportunities presented during the good times and
are oblivious to the pitfalls of the bad times. Thus, their lives seem like
one long series of unfortunate events.
The first condition for happiness is good health. If you want to
Chapter 9: My Philosophy, the Spirit of Hyundai | 315
turn the odds in your favor, you must think positively. Without good
health, having a positive outlook becomes that much more difficult.
Second, you must empathize with others and try to live your life
with a pure heart. We can either achieve more than those around us or
we can fall behind. If you’re always jealous of others’ abilities and are
seeking to compensate for your own insecurity, you will remain immature
and never find happiness.
In order to create a cultured society, we need people who are mature
enough to sincerely respect and praise those who do excellent work.
Appreciating others brings forth true happiness in oneself.
The third condition is endless self-improvement. Be a better person.
Be a better worker. Work harder and achieve more. Even if you lack proper
education, by thinking deeply you can achieve great things. Likewise,
those who are highly educated but never reflect on their lives are bound
to be unhappy. The difference between those who think deeply and those
who are shallow is as large as the sky and ground. In this difference,
education is not a factor.
Even though my education stopped after the sixth grade, I’ve always
enjoyed reading great books. If my first mentors were my parents, then
my second mentors were books. From these books, I’ve learned that life
is but a sequence of days. Just as important as seeking meaning in the
totality of life, it is perhaps more important to find meaning in daily life.
The fourth condition is illustrated by the proverb: “Where there’s a
will, there’s a way.” There are very few things that go according to plan.
Everyone is bound to face fierce trials throughout their lives. But when
the times get tough, you must keep your chin up and press forward. Tell
yourself, “I will emerge from this trial prepared for greater things.” You
need to learn how to think positively. Just as the wind makes tree roots
grow deeper and stronger, trials and tribulations make people wiser
and stronger. Overcoming the difficult situation that we faced in the
restoration of the Goryeong Bridge is a prime example.
316 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
An ordinary wife
“Happiness” is a single word, but I think just how happy one is, depends
on the person’s attitude or the situation he finds himself in. A religious
person will feel happy when his relationship with the god he believes
in is going well; a mother who has been worrying about her son’s college
entrance examination will think that his admission to a college will bring
her the greatest happiness, and so on.
For me, I feel the happiest when I compete for a bid in the global
market, with everything on the line. The global market where even
advanced countries do their utmost to win a bid, is a place where fierce
competition of wits making wise use of every bit of industrial and
technological information makes or breaks one. In the midst of such fierce
struggles, I have often felt happy inside. On those days when I wake up
earlier than usual, I pick up a book and start to read it before the morning
newspapers arrive, and on those occasions when | find a passage that I
can identify with, I feel gratified and happy.
A friend once told me something he heard his friend say: “I don't
envy powerful officials or wealthy business people, but I do envy someone
with a great wife.” For someone who did not have a great wife, it is perhaps
understandable that he would be envious. By a “great wife,” what this
person was probably referring to was a traditional Korean wife, a ‘wise
supporter’ of her husband, but what actually constitutes “wise support”
would also depend on the person. Truth be told, there were moments of
hubris when I too wished I had a great wife.
Having been exposed to new perspectives on things after moving
from the countryside to the city and becoming a businessman, I can't say
I didn’t have any complaints about my wife. However, as we raised our
children and grew old together, I developed a deep empathy for, and
understanding of, even her shortcomings.
Like myself, my wife also grew up on a farm in the countryside of
Chapter 9: My Philosophy, the Spirit of Hyundai | 317
Gangwon Province. Since she married me at 16, she had stayed constant.
Even though others consider us wealthy, my wife never acted rich. She
had her own car but she never used it, preferring instead to take a cab
to the wholesale market. Even when returning home with groceries and
other sundry goods, she would hitch a ride on a delivery truck. At home,
she would always wear the same baggy trousers, causing our confused
guests to mistakenly search for the lady of the house.
I rarely remembered my wife’s birthday or our wedding anniversary.
So I suspect that if my wife wanted a romantic and emotionally fulfilling
life, she would have had many complaints about me. But I never heard
a single complaint from her. She cared so little for material possessions
318 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
that, even right up to the day she needed hospitalization due to her frail
condition, the only possession she considered her own was the sewing
machine that I bought her right after the Korean War ended.
Marriage is about two people who, under the institution of marriage,
have children, raise them, respect and love each other, all the while growing
old together. There can be no love without respect or appreciation. I respect
my wife who considered her sewing machine to be her only possession,
who never thought of herself rich, and stayed constant throughout her
entire life. For someone like me, having a wife who was too ‘wise’ would
have been unbearable. There would often be days when I would come
home so exhausted from work that I could barely utter a word. On such
occasions, it would have been miserable to have a ‘wise’ wife who out of
her ‘wisdom would constantly nag about my day and work. For someone
with my character, truly ‘wise support’ would have been the ‘ordinary
support’ by an authentic wife. In that sense, my wife was ideal.
I lived a life that was several times busier than that of others. And
yet, not once did my wife complain, because, fortunately for me, her basic
attitude was that a man who sleeps in late because he is tired from work
can be forgiven, but a man who loafs around the house cannot be. Whether
I was making or losing money, succeeding or failing, so long as I was so
busy running around that I could barely get any sleep, she would think,
“My husband is a good man.” Even on my rare days off, she could not
stand to see me sleep in late and would insist that she would have to go
to work if I did not. I think we were made for each other.
My house is located at the foot of Mt. Inwang in Cheongun-dong,
Seoul. A huge boulder rests near the right side of the house where one
can hear the sound of water from the mountain creek and the sound of
the wind blowing up and down the mountain side. The house was built
in 1958. We built the two-story structure in only 50 days, using cinder
blocks and afterwards used left over stones to cover the exterior. The
kitchen was added on later which is why the color of the stone for that

320 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
section is different from the rest.
The living room on the first floor has few decorations other than
two classical Chinese calligraphic works that President Park Chung-hee
composed for me. One reads, “Frugality, Modesty and Diligence,” (#80)
and the other, “Diligence overcomes all,” (—8F) ARK#ES #) a favorite phrase
of mine.
When I was growing up, we couldn't even dream of wearing long
johns even in the most bitter cold. We had to do with one jeogori (a
traditional Korean jacket) and padded cotton pants. Running home from
school in the winter with a bundle of books under my arm, the front
part of my jacket would lift to expose my belly. When I got home, the
frozen red skin of my belly would itch as it would thaw. How luxurious
my life is now compared to back then. When I think back to the time
I worked at the rice shop, sleeping in a tiny room, wearing patched-up
clothes with holes in the knees and the backside, how luxurious my life
is today.
My wife and I would even feel somewhat guilty living in such a big
house. To this very day, my wife has never owned any jewelry. The only
time that she put on makeup was on her wedding day. ‘That old sewing
machine and the spice jars that she lovingly takes care of are her only
possessions.
Our first residence as newly-weds in Seoul was a rented room in the
shanty town in Naksan, an area so high up behind the hills of Dongsung-
dong that it was called the point closest to heaven in Seoul.
“I cant live here. In the countryside, no matter how poor you are, you
at least lived in your own house even if it was just a hut with a thatched
roof. How can I live in this one room shanty? I want to go back to the
countryside,” my wife would say.
After my wife moved with me to Seoul, my in-laws moved from
Tongcheon to Cheongjin in North Hamgyong Province. When Korea
was liberated in August 1945, our country was divided along the 38"
Chapter 9: My Philosophy, the Spirit of Hyundai | 321
parallel, and my wife lost touch with her family in North Korea forever. It
pains me to see her now confined to a hospital bed, never having seen her
family. Perhaps her memory of what her brothers looked like is becoming
blurry as time passes. I used to tell her that we would visit them after
we had made enough money. That turned out to be a cruel promise that
I could not keep.
Once, she told me that there was one thing for which she was rather
proud of me. One day when we were still living in Naksan, we packed
our lunch and went on a picnic on the Han River. We borrowed a row
boat on the river like other people, but the boat flipped over and we nearly
drowned. She said she was proud that such a person could build the
biggest shipyard in the world.
Belatedly, I am grateful for the singular role she played in my life,
an ordinary wife who never knew what “complaint” meant, and gave me
unwavering support through her unassuming ways.
For the nation
Having been a businessman for most of my life, people were surprised
when I founded a political party and was elected to the National Assembly.
Surprise turned into hostility when I ran for president. They said that I
wanted political power because I was dissatisfied with just being rich.
When I left my hometown, I had one thing in mind: to earn money.
As the eldest son, I had to fulfill my filial duty. The amount of money
I earned reflected how hard I worked. However, as time passed, my
objective evolved. As I grew more confident, I took on new challenges
and found deep satisfaction in my success. As my business grew, each
new accomplishment brought great joy. Building a great company became
my primary objective. So I am not as obsessed with money as people say
I am. If I really thought money was the most important thing in life,
why would I have gone through all the trouble to run a multi-national
322 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
corporation? I could have just been a money lender, living off interest.
There would have been no reason for me to undergo all the hardships
and tribulations to build what Hyundai is today. No matter how difficult
my situation may be, I have never been jealous or wanted something
that wasn't mine.
All men are born equal. Despite being born in diverse circumstances
with varying abilities and unique ways of looking at the world, all of
us are fundamentally the same. Thus, I don't feel superior or inferior to
anyone. Although there were times that I revered those with noble
characters, I have never envied those with power.
During the 1980s, I often thought that Korea was cursed with bad
politicians. In a country where the president has the last word, the
prosperity of the nation depends on the abilities of its leader. Throughout
the decade, the economy was in shambles and many feared our inept
government would ruin the country. I could no longer ignore the pitiful
reality of politics in this country. We can no longer afford to gamble our
people’s welfare on harebrained schemes. The status quo has to change.
In the 21" century, when our country needs to fight to stay competitive,
arbitrary governance will continue to hinder our progress unless Korea’s
politics undergoes a major paradigm shift and more enlightened leaders
come to power.
Our economy was in turmoil during the Roh Tae-woo administration.
‘The growth of over 10 percent, which had continued until 1988, dropped
to 6.4 percent in 1989. From 1990, our international balance of payments
went into the red, reaching $7 billion in 1991.
While the country’s economy was slipping, maintaining power was
the only thing that concerned politicians. It was impossible to govern
with a small ruling party and large opposition. The ruling party lured
opposition leaders Kim Young-sam and Kim Jong-pil into its clutches.
The creation of this cynical and impromptu coalition undermined the will
of the people. Furthermore, the Roh administration intervened excessively
Chapter 9: My Philosophy, the Spirit of Hyundai | 323
in economic affairs and restricted companies’ freedom.
I decided that entering politics would be my next challenge. After
all, managing a business and managing a country both require the same
leadership skills. As president, I was confident that I would have been
able to solve our country’s problems.
New Year’s Day, 1992.
I announced my decision to enter politics at the traditional ancestral
family ceremony. As I anticipated, no one in the family supported my
decision. Why don’t you just continue to run Hyundai, they pleaded.
They tried to dissuade me from muddying my hands in politics. I was
keenly aware that Korean politics was a cesspool of cronyism, corruption,
and cynicism. Does my family not know how stubborn I am? Had the
economy been free from political interference, no amount of arm-twisting
would have gotten me into politics.
National power is a function of economic power. But a nation cannot
have economic development without sound political leadership. The
most urgent issue at hand was the revitalization of the economy. Korea
needed to reject career politicians. Korea needed a leader with a mastery
of economics and a person who could steer the ship of Korea with a
steady hand. My brothers feared that a failed presidential bid would have
unimaginable consequences for Hyundai’s corporate interests. Their fears
were justified, given Korea's gutter politics.
But I assured them, “I left home with nothing but a pair of straw
shoes. Even if worst comes to worst, we would still be better off than we
were in our hometown. How can you call yourself a responsible leader
if you only denigrate the lack of leadership without doing anything? To
clean up politics, someone has to roll up their sleeves and get their hands
dirty. All Pm saying is I'm going to take a stab at it. I’m prepared to start
from the bottom again. After all, we can't take anything with us when
we're dead.”
On January 10, 1992, our preparatory committee announced the
324 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
formation of the Tongil Kukmindang (United People’s Party) and issued
a statement of purpose and list of supporters. Just three months later,
we won 31 seats in the general National Assembly election. We now had
enough seats to swing the balance of power in the National Assembly.
At the inaugural party convention, held on May 15, I was nominated as
the party’s presidential candidate. Many characterized my entry into
politics as a showcase to garner attention or a reflection of my greed and
senility.
Sadly, no one seemed to believe my sincere motives. As someone who
takes great pride in having contributed immensely to Korea’s economy,
I couldn't just sit still as the country was being shaken to its core and
knowing that the path towards national prosperity was becoming more
ominous.
After decades of spectacular economic growth that earned us
worldwide admiration,w e faced an economic downturn. In the aftermath
of the Korean War, we regained our footing through our success in the
Middle East and Southeast Asia. However, all that we had built was
crumbling before my very eyes.
I knew better than anyone where the problem lay, who was to
blame, and what we had to do. I had a dream of a new Korea where we
would gather the people’s hopes, entrepreneurs’ passion, and workers’
dedication to achieve political reform and reunification. Some have
pointed out that politics and business have nothing in common. In some
respects, politics can be more difficult and complicated, but it depends
on one’s perspective. Business is no walk in the park.
Forgive me for bragging, but I have spent my entire life turning
the impossible into the possible. No one in the early 1970s thought my
shipbuilding business would pan out. I won Korea's bid for the 1988
Olympics when everyone said it couldn't be done. This is why I was
confident that I could successfully reform politics, develop the economy,
and unify the two Koreas. I had only one thought when I asked the
Chapter 9: My Philosophy, the Spirit of Hyundai | 325
people to allow me to take over the direction of this country. No matter
what happens, I could not allow Korea to fall into despair once again.
My dream of this new Korea was simple—to make a country where
everybody is living a prosperous and fulfilling life.
_ My detractors have said that the failure of my presidential candidacy
was the decisive failure of my life. It destroyed my personal philosophy:
“Although there are hardships, there are no failures.” I disagree. To be
sure, | was targeted for reprisals and endured every form of humiliation.
But I don't consider this failure.
Electoral failure is not personal failure. All I lost was an election.
I regret nothing.
| Epilogue |
pilogu
My life has been filled with trials and tribulations. Most of them are
now just faded memories, but a few of them still remain. One that
especially stands out is the seizure of Hyundai International by the
Special Committee for National Security Measures in 1980, under the
pretext of economic and industrial restructuring. Another is the political
retaliation that Hyundai and I suffered after my failed presidential bid
in 1992.1 would rather not think about it anymore, because I find myself
at a loss for words to describe the level of political violence that turned
our country into a laughingstock.
However, as the old saying goes, pounding hardens the steel. I believe,
because we have survived numerous ordeals and political persecutions,
Hyundai has become so resilient that it has developed the ability to
overcome any challenges. Hyundai had to deal with internal and external
problems on its own. This strengthened our internal fortitude, enabling
us to export—the only solution to overcome the current crisis.
Truth be told, I still harbor some regrets and bitter feelings about
the past. But now I prefer to talk about my hope for the days that lie
ahead. I have put aside my feelings of hatred and only feel pity toward
those who will go down in history as “the administration that bankrupted
the nation.”
But it is futile to continue to apportion blame to them. We cannot
just sit and fire accusations at them anymore. We must once again get
back on our feet, move forward, and transform ourselves. Proper changes
are necessary, not only in the economic sector, but also in all other areas
of society.
However, erratic policies or superficial prescriptions based on political
Epilogue | 327
calculations are misguided. The more serious these problems become, the
more contemplation is required to find alternative solutions.
The Korea of today was built with the combined blood and sweat
of laborers and business people. It is right and proper to recognize those
who toiled in silence under harsh conditions. It is also appropriate to
salute the contributions of the Korean companies that competed with
the world’s top corporations to accumulate the foreign reserves that
propelled our national growth.
I am proud that Hyundai laid the nation’s infrastructure by
establishing Korea’s key industries and for growing together with the
national economy by leading the export sector.
There is no miracle in the “Miracle on the Han River.” There is only
earnest and conscientious work. As a businessman and a hard working
laborer born of this land, I feel an infinite sense of pride that I have
contributed my share to this country’s breakthrough.
Adhering to the values of diligence and integrity, I have lived my
entire life driven solely by the satisfaction derived from hard work. I
buried myself in work because I enjoyed the very act of working, and
having lived thus, my soul became one with my work.
Because I liked working so much, I was never distracted by fancy
clothing, delicious foods, or luxurious goods. A worker by nature, I am
who I am today as a result of my hard work.
Even now, I don't think I am too old to work. Work knows no age.
For the very best workers, there is only the next assignment and the
passion for the job.
Having been born of this land, my legacy to the next generation is
my simple belief in the purity of work. It is my hope this idea and the
life I’ve lived will be a source of strength for our nation’s youth as they
face the days ahead.
An old proverb says, “On the Yangtze River, the wave behind pushes
the wave in front ever forward.” As such, the next generation must surpass
328 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
my achievements. This is my sincerest wish.
During my life of eight decades, many people have helped me both
publicly and privately, especially in regards to my business. I can only feel
grateful thinking about how neither Hyundai nor I would be around
today without them.
When I think of how I am so thorough and exacting in my work,
and because I am by nature quick-tempered, my heart is heavy in
knowing that I have at times emotionally wounded my closest associates
and even those I have never met. To everyone I have hurt, I am truly sorry.
In the hope of a bright new future for our country, for the young
people and many others going through difficult times today, I want to
share with them, my life, and my story.

. Chung Mong-koo . Byun Joong-seok
. Chung Sang-yung . Chung Hee-yung
. Chung In-yung . Kim Wol-gye
. Chung Shin-yung . Chung Hyeong-suk
. Chung Ju-yung . Chung Mong Joon
. Chung Mong-pil . Chung Mong-hun
. Chung Mong-geun - Kim Yoon-su
. Chung Soon-yung . Chung Mong-woo
N9(O0IANN60S D,6))F. H an Seong-sil . Chung Kyung-hee
Appendix A: Photos of Chung Ju-yung with Family | 331
im Young-joo
sy ] ( ee
Chung IN-yune, \ NUNS Vyoon-yune
332 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
Chung Ju-yung and his wife Byun Joong-seok
at Mt. Songni in the late 1960s.
Chung Ju-yung and his sons in the early 1960s. From left to right Chung Mong-hun,
Chung Mong Joon, Chung Ju-yung, Byun Joong-seok.
Appendix A: Photos of C lung Ju-yung with Family | 333
Y\COTAK, Ju-yung,
a, Chung Kyun 5oO
RD yunN 7jT OONA L -SCOK la \ family.
1ung IW yu
334 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
Chung Ju-yung with his son Mong-koo’s family at Cheongun-dong home, 1984.
Back row from left to right Chung Mong-koo, Chung Seongi, Chung Myeongi,
Chung Yuni, Chung Eui-sun, Lee Jung-hwa.
Chung Ju-yung with his son Mong Joon’s family at Cheongun-dong home, 1984.
Back row from left to right Chung Mong Joon, Chung Giseon, Kim Young M Young.

336
ara et
ee
| Appendix B |
Chronology
Year Events in Chung Ju-yung’s Life Historical Events
1910 * Korea-Japan Annexation Treaty
signed under duress on August
29.
1915 * Born in Asan-ri, Tongcheon
Gangwon Province.
1919 - Attends his grandfather’s * March 1* Movement begins.
1922 seodang and learns ancient * The Provisional Government
Chinese texts. of the Republic of Korea
formed on April 13.
* Treaty of Versailles concluded
on June 28.
1924 * Enters Songjeon Primary
School.
1929 ¢ Wall Street Crash of October
24 marks the start of the Great
Depression.
1930 * Graduates second in his class
from Songjeon Primary School.
1931 * Runs away from home for the * Manchurian Incident occurs
first time. on September 19.
* Works at a railway construction
site in the highlands of Wonsan.
Appendix B: Chronology | 339
Year Events in Chung Ju-yung’s Life Historical Events
* Runs away from home for the
second time to work in
Geumhwa.
1932 * Runs away from home for the
third time.
* Attends the Kyungsung
Bookkeeping and Accounting
School.
1933 * Runs away from home for the
last time.
* Works as a day laborer at
Incheon docks.
1934 * Hired as a delivery boy at
Bokheung Rice Shop.
1937. * Second Sino-Japanese War
breaks out in July.
1938 * Opens his own rice shop,
named the Kyungil Rice Shop,
in Sindang-dong, Seoul.
1939 * Japan implements a rice * World War II erupts.
rationing system.
* Shuts down the Kyungil Rice
Shop.
* Marries Byun Joong-seok, the
eldest daughter of the chief of
his hometown. She was 16
years old at the time.
1940 * Establishes Ado Service.
340 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
Year Events in Chung Ju-yung’s Life Historical Events
* Moves the shop to Sinseol-dong,
Seoul after a fire.
1941 ¢ Attack on Pearl Harbor results
in the beginning of World War
Il in Asia on December 7.
1943 | * Ado Service is forced to merge
with Iljin Workshop by the
Japanese.
* Works at the Holdong Mine.
1945 * Relinquishes the rights to his * Victory in Europe Day occurs
share of the Holdong Mine on May 8.
and heads back to Seoul. ¢ Liberation of Korea occurs on
August 15.
* Victory in Japan Day occurs on
August 15.
1946 * Establishes the Hyundai
Motor Service Center in
Cho-dong, Seoul.
1947 * Establishes the Hyundai
Construction Company.
1948 * Elected director of the Korea * Jeju Uprising occurs on April 3.
Automobile Manufacturers * General Elections held on
Association. May 10.
* Republic of Korea government
established on August 15.
* Government of the Democratic
People’s Republic of Korea
established on September 9.
Appendix B: Chronology | 341
Year Events in Chung Ju-yung’s Life Historical Events
* Yeosu-Suncheon mutiny
occurs on October 19.
~ 1950 | * The Hyundai Motor Service * Korean War breaks out on June
Center and the Hyundai 25.
Construction Company merge
to become the Hyundai
Engineering & Construction
Co. ltd:
* Evacuates to Busan when the
Korean War breaks out.
* Establishes the Hyundai
Transport Co., Ltd.
1951 * Third Battle of Seoul culminates
in the major retreat of January
Gon
1952 * Elected a member of the board
of the Construction
Association of Korea (CAK).
* Receives an award from the
director of the Foreign Capital
Management Bureau.
1953 | * Hyundai begins reconstruction * Armistice in the Korean War is
work on the Goryeong Bridge. signed on July 27.
* Rents two offices in Seoul for * Mutual Defense Treaty Between
the headquarters of Hyundai the Republic of Korea and the
Engineering & Construction. United States of America is
signed on October 1.
1957, * Reconstruction work on the
Han River Bridge begins.
342 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
Year Events in Chung Ju-yung’s Life Historical Events
1958 * Receives an award from the
Ministry of Home Affairs for
his contribution to the
reconstruction of the First Han
River Bridge.
1959 * Hyundai begins reconstruction
of Incheon Dock No. 1, the
largest construction project since
the founding of the country.
1960 * Hyundai Engineering & * April 19 Revolution occurs.
Construction ranks at the top
of domestic construction
companies.
1961 * The company builds a new * May 16 Coup occurs.
headquarters in Jung-gu, Seoul.
* Elected a special adviser of the
Korea Chamber of Commerce
& Industry (KCCI).
1962 * Hyundai begins construction * President Park Chung-hee
of the Danyang Cement Plant. unveils First Five Year
Economic Plan (~1966).
1963 * Elected to the board of the
Federation of Korean Industries
(FK]I).
* Elected a member of the
Steering Committee of the
Korea Construction Guarantee
Cooperative.
* Receives the Presidential
Appendix B: Chronology | 343
Year Events in Chung Ju-yung’s Life Historical Events
Award for his contributions to
the construction industry.
1964 * Hyundai completes construction
of the Danyang Cement Plant.
1965 * Receives the Presidential Award * Dispatch of Korean Forces to
for his contributions to Korean Vietnam decided on August 1.
exports. * Treaty on Basic Relations
* Elected to the board of the between Japan and the Republic
Korea International Trade of Korea is concluded on June
Association. 22, resulting in the normalization
* Hyundai becomes the first of Japanese-South Korean
Korean company to enter relations.
overseas construction markets,
securing a project to build the
Pattani-Narathiwat Highway
in Thailand.
1967 | * Hyundai begins construction * President Park unveils Second
of the Soyang River Dam. Five Year Economic Plan
* Elected vice-president of FKI. (~1971).
* Elected a delegate of KCCI.
* Hyundai receives the Excellence
in Construction Award at the
Asia Architectural Awards.
* Establishes the Hyundai
Motor Company.
1968 | * Hyundai begins construction * Blue House Raid occurs on
of the Gyeongbu Expressway. January 21.*
* The Hyundai Motor Company * USS Pueblo is captured on
concludes a joint-venture deal January 23°
with Ford.
344 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
Year Events in Chung Ju-yung’s Life Historical Events
* The Hyundai Motor Company
begins production of the Cortina.
1969 * Appointed chairman of Hyundai
Engineering & Construction.
* Appointed chairman of the
Korea Association for
Community Education.
1970 * Establishes the Hyundai
Cement Co, Ltd.
* Hyundai Engineering &
Construction completes 40
percent of the Gyeongbu
Expressway.
* Hyundai begins construction
of the first nuclear reactor at
the Gori Nuclear Power Plant.
* Awarded the Bronze Medal of
Industrial Effort for the
Gyeongbu Expressway.
1971 * Becomes chairman of the
Hyundai Group.
* Establishes the Geumgang
Development Co., Ltd.
1972 * Groundbreaking for the * President Park unveils Third
Hyundai Shipyard. Five Year Plan (~1976).
* Hyundai Shipyard starts * The Watergate Break-in
construction of its first happens on June 17.
supertanker, the Atlantic Baron. * Martial Law (and the Yushin
System) is declared on
October 17.
Appendix B: Chronology | 345
Year Events in Chung Ju-yung’s Life Historical Events
1973 * Establishes Hyundai * The Peaceful Unification
Shipbuilding. Declaration is made by South
Korean President Park on
June 23.
* First Oil Shock erupts in
October.
1974 * Establishes the Hyundai
Engineering Co., Ltd.
* Establishes the Hyundai
Motor Service Co., Ltd.
* Hyundai builds two
260,000-ton supertankers and
completes the first stage of
construction of the Ulsan
Shipyard.
* Elected Korean chairman of
the Korea-UK Economic
Cooperation Committee.
1975 | * Establishes the Hyundai Mipo * The Vietnam War ends on
Dockyard Co., Ltd. April 30.
* Awarded an honorary Ph.D. in
Engineering by Kyunghee
University.
1976 * Hyundai produces the Pony, * Jimmy Carter is elected U.S.
the first wholly domestically President.
produced car model.
* Hyundai opens its
Gwanghwamun Offices in Seoul.
° Elected chairman of the Korean-
Arab Friendship Association.
346 | Born of This Land : My Life Story
Year Events in Chung Ju-yung’s Life Historical Events
* Establishes the Koryo
Industrial Development Co.,
Ltd.
* Establishes the Asia Merchant
Marine Co., Ltd., precursor of
Hyundai Merchant Marine.
* Hyundai wins a construction
contract for the Jubail Industrial
Port, Saudi Arabia, the world’s
largest deep-sea construction
project.
* Awarded an honorary Ph.D. in
Economics by Chungnam
National University.
* Establishes the Hyundai
Corporation.
197i, * Appointed chairman of the ¢ President Park unveils Fourth
Federation of Korean Industries. Five Year Economic Plan
* Inaugurated as chairman of the (~1981).
board of the Ulsan Institute of
Technology.
* Queen Elizabeth awards Chung
the medal of Commanding
Officer of the Most Excellent
Order of the British Empire.
* Establishes the Asan Foundation
and becomes its chairman.
* Establishes the Hyundai
Precision & Industrial Co., Ltd.
1978 * Hyundai Shipbuilding is
renamed Hyundai Heavy
Appendix B: Chronology | 347
Year Events in Chung Ju-yung’s Life Historical Events
Industries.
* Elected chairman of the Korea
Heat Control Association.
° Elected chairman of the board of
the Academy of Korean Studies.
* Begins work on the Seosan
Reclamation Project.
* President Park awards Chung the
Copper Tower Industrial Medal.
1979 * Elected chairman of the * President Park assassinated on
Korea-Africa Association. October 26.
* Retains his seat as chairman of * A Coup détat occurs on
the Federation of Korean December 12, bringing General
Industries. Chun Doo-hwan to power.
* Becomes chairman of the
board of the Third Science and
Technology Promotion
Foundation.
* Receives the Medal of Merit
from the Republic of Senegal.
* Hyundai receives an order for
the construction of the Penang
Bridge in Malaysia.
1980 * The Gwangju Uprising begins
on June 18.
* Moscow Olympics begin on
July 19.
1981 * Retains his seat as chairman of
the Federation of Korean
Industries.
348 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
:
Year Events in Chung Ju-yung’s Life Historical Events
* Receives the Order of Civil
Merit.
* Elected committee chairman
of the 1988 Seoul Olympics
Bidding Committee.
* Promotes Seoul’s Olympic bid
in Baden-Baden, Germany.
* Seoul wins the bid to host the
24" Olympic Games.
* Elected vice-chairman of the
1988 Seoul Olympic
Organizing Committee.
1982 * Hyundai begins reconstruction
of the Han River Bridge.
* Elected chairman of the board
of the Genetic Engineering
Research Association.
* Becomes the first foreign
businessman to receive an
honorary Ph.D. in Business
Management from George
Washington University.
* Becomes a Golden Plate
honoree of the Academy of
Achievement.
* Elected chairman of the Korean
Sport & Olympic Committee.
* The president of Zaire awards
Chung a national medal of
honor.
1983 * Retains the chairmanship of
Appendix B: Chronology | 349
Year Events in Chung Ju-yung’s Life Historical Events
the Federation of Korean
Industries.
* Hyundai Electronics Co., Ltd.,
is established.
* Takes office as chairman of the
Federation of Korean
Information Industries.
* The Republic of China
(Taiwan) awards Chung the
Order of the Brilliant Star.
* Takes office as chairman of the
board of Korea Polytechnic
University.
* The Hyundai Group
headquarters is relocated.
1984 * Seosan Reclamation Project is * LA Olympics begin in June.
completed.
1985 * Retains the chairmanship of
the Federation of Korean
Industries.
* Appointed as chairman of the
Korean Amateur Athletic
Association.
* Receives an honorary Ph.D. in
Economics from Yonsei
University.
* The Penang Bridge in Malaysia
opens.
1986 * Receives an honorary Ph.D. in
Arts from Ewha Womans
350 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
Year Events in Chung Ju-yung’s Life Historical Events
University.
* Establishes the Hyundai
Development Company.
1987 | * Appointed honorary chairman * The June Democratic Uprising
of the Hyundai Group. and resulting Declaration of
* Appointed honorary chairman June 29 leads to the institution
of the FKI. of democracy in South Korea.
* Appointed chairman of the
Sejong Institute.
1988 * President Chun awards Chung * Seoul Olympics begin in
the Rose of Sharon Medal of September (with 160 states
the Order of Civil Merit. participating).
1989 * Visits the Soviet Union for * Tiananmen Square protests
ROK-USSR economic erupt, culminating in the events
cooperation talks. of June 4.
* Visits North Korea to propose * Berlin Wall falls on November 9.
a joint Mt. Geumgang
development project.
* Appointed chairman of the
ROK-USSR Economic
Association.
1990 * Receives an honorary Ph.D. in * German Unification occurs on
Political Science from Sogang October 3.
University.
1997 * Reappointed chairman of the * North and South Korea both
ROK-USSR Economic join the UN simultaneously on
Association. September 18.
* Establishes the Hyundai Oil * The Soviet Union is dissolved
Bank. on December 26.
Appendix B: Chronology | 351
Year Events in Chung Ju-yung’s Life Historical Events
* Publishes the book Though
There Is Hardship, There Is Never
Failure.
1992 * Hyundai completes construction
of Saudi Arabia’s Department
of Interior and Singapore’s
Changi International Airport
and Marina Center.
* The Zongil Kukmindang (United
People’s Party) is formed.
* Elected party leader of the
Tongil Kukmindang.
* Elected a member of the 14"
National Assembly.
* Stands as the Zongi/
Kukmindang’s candidate in the
14" presidential election.
1993 * Resigns from the National
Assembly and leaves the Tongi/
Kukmindang.
1994 * Appointed chairman of the * Kim I1-sung dies on July 8.
Korea Association for
Community Education.
1995 * Receives an honorary Ph.D. in
Philosophy from Korea
University.
* Receives an honorary Ph.D. in
Philosophy from Johns
Hopkins University.
352 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
Year Events in Chung Ju-yung’s Life Historical Events
1996 * His second son, Chung
Mong-koo, is appointed
chairman of the Hyundai Group.
1907, * Asian Financial Crisis spreads
to South Korea, resulting in an
official application for an IMF
bailout in December.
1998 * Visits the North, bringing
1001 heads of cow with him.
* Mt. Geumgang tourism begins.
2000 * First North-South Summit is
held and a Joint Declaration is
signed on June 15.
2001 * Passes away. ° 9/11 Terrorist attacks occur.
2002 * Joint Korea-Japan World Cup
begins on May.
| Notes |
Chapter 1. My Hometown, My Parents
1. Chung Ju-yung was the oldest of seven children, having six brothers and one
sister. They are Chung In-yung (1920~2006), Chung Soon-yung (1922~2005),
Chung Hee-yung (1925~2015), Chung Se-yung (1928~2005), Chung Shin-yung
(1931~1962), and Chung Sang-yung (1936).
2. The Korea-Japan Annexation Treaty that Japan imposed on Joseon Korea, ending
Korea's status as an independent nation.
3. The 1919 March First Independence Movement was, as the name indicates, a
popular political and social movement for Korean independence that erupted on
March 1, 1919. Coming nine years after Korea was annexed, it was one of the
first popular acts of resistance against Japanese colonial rule. While the Japanese
colonial authorities managed to suppress it, they were nonetheless forced to
change some colonial policies.
4. Formed in 1920, one of Korea’s oldest newspapers, Dong-A I/bo remains one of
South Korea’s three largest general dailies by circulation.
5. Light of the Evil City was a novel by Bang In-geun (1899~1975) that was serialized
in Dong-A Ilbo from November 1932 to June 1933.
6. Earth was a novel by Yi Gwang-soo (1892~1950), one of the pioneers of the modern
novel in Korea. The novel was serialized in Dong-A I/bo in 1932.
Chapter 2. The Birth of Hyundai
7. Bucheon is a city in the southwestern outskirts of Seoul.
8. In East Asia, the phase of World War II that started after the Japanese attack on
Pearl Harbor is commonly referred to as the “Pacific War.”
9. Towards the end of World War II, the increasingly desperate Japanese Empire
started to draft young men and women for military service and forced labor in
Korea.
354 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
10. Kim Young-joo (1920~2010) later married Chung Ju-yung’s younger sister, becoming
his brother-in-law.
aps According to traditional Korean etiquette, in the presence of one’s parents, one
only expressed respect and affection to them and not your children. It was the
grandparent’s place to shower their grandchildren with love and affection.
AZ From 1945 when Korea was liberated from Japanese colonial rule, to 1948 when
the Republic of Korea was formally promulgated, the country was government
by the U.S. Army Military Government in Korea (USAMGIK).
13: Special Act on the Punishment of Anti-National Activities was a law enacted with
the aim of identifying and punishing those thought to have collaborated with the
Japanese colonial government during its 35-year rule of Korea. It was repeatedly
amended and then finally rescinded in 1949.
14. The Yeosu-Suncheon mutiny was a rebellion started by communists who had
infiltrated the South Korean Army stationed in the two southwestern cities of Yeosu
and Suncheon. When a massive communist-led uprising erupted on Jeju Island
in April, the government tried to send the troops in the Yeosu-Suncheon region
in as reinforcement. The units refused the order and instead started a rebellion
which was eventually put down by the South Korean Army. The brutal manner in
which the rebellions in Jeju and Yeosu-Suncheon were suppressed is still the
focus of intense political and historical debate in South Korea.
afisy Daehan Ilbo, or Daehan Daily, was a Korean newspaper that existed between 1960
and 1973.
16. Chupungnyeong is a mountain pass that traditionally divided the Chungcheong
provinces in the mid-section of the country from the Yeongnam (Gyeongsang)
region. In fact, “Yeongnam’” literally means south of yeong, “yeong” meaning
“Chupungnyeong.”
iW ‘The second longest river in Korea, the Nakdong River flows through the Yeongnam
(Gyeongsang) region.
18. The Chinese People’s Volunteer Army were Chinese military forces that entered
the Korean War on October 25, 1950. They were styled as a volunteer army by
then-Chinese leader Mao Zedong in order to avoid a direct war between the
People’s Republic of China and the United States.
19. Caigentan literally means “vegetable root discourse” in Chinese. It is a well-known
set of aphorisms dating from the late 16" century written by the Chinese philosopher
Hong Zicheng.
Notes | 355
20; The monetary unit used in South Korea prior to 1962.
on Formed in late 1951 by ROK’s first president, Syngman Rhee, the Liberal Party
was the ruling party of South Korea until 1960 when President Rhee was forced
to leave office in the wake of student-led anti-government protests.
22; The Democratic Party formed the principal opposition to President Rhee’s Jayudang
in the National Assembly prior to the April 19 Revolution of 1960.
23. The coup in 1961 that brought Park Chung-hee to power.
24. The Kwanhun Club is an organization formed in 1957 by people working in the
media to promote research and friendship between people working in the industry.
25% Hankook Ilbo is a Korean daily newspaper established in 1954.
Chapter 3. My Construction Business
26. Lee wan-yong (1858~1926) was perhaps the most infamous Korean to collaborate
with the Japanese in the colonization of the country. Lee was the Prime Minister
of the Korean Empire who signed the Korea-Japan Annexation Treaty.
273 President Park Chung-hee (1917~1979) was the leader of South Korea from 1961
to 1979 having overthrown the democratically elected government of Chang
Myun in 1961. He presided over an extended period of rapid economic growth
and development, but became increasingly authoritarian, creating the dictatorial
Yushin System in 1972. He was assassinated by the director of Korean CIA, Kim
Jae-kyu, 1979.
Chapter 4. The Hyundai Motor Company and Hyundai Shipbuilding
29. Kim Hak-ryul (1923~1972) served as Minister of Finance and Vice-Prime Minister
of the Economic Planning Board under President Park Chung-hee.
29: George S. Livanos (1934), chairman of Sun Enterprises Ltd., was the first customer
of Hyundai Heavy Industries, purchasing two 260,000 ton oil tankers. The friendship
between the Livanos family and Hyundai Heavy Industries continues to three
generations.
30. From 1945 until 1982, South Korea had a daily curfew from 12 p.m. to 4 a.m.
356 | Born of This Land: My Life Story
Chapter 5. Drama in the Middle East and the Milestone Year, 1980
ile Chaebol is a Korean term for a business conglomerate.
325 The Joseon Dynasty was the final dynasty to rule Korea prior to colonialization,
from 1392 to 1910.
33. Following the assassination of Park Chung-hee in 1979, the Fourth Republic ended,
and a new regime soon emerged under military General Chun Doo-hwan. His
reign is formally referred to as the ‘Fifth Republic.’
34. Lee Myung-bak (1941) was later elected as the president of South Korea, serving
in the office from 2008 to 2013.
Sor The “Fifth Republic” refers to the government of President Chun Doo-hwan
(1980~1987) and the “Sixth Republic” refers to the government of President Roh
‘Tae-woo (1987~1992).
Chapter 6. The 1988 Olympics and Korea’s Fifth Republic
36. Yoo Chang-soon (1918~2010) headed the Korea International Trade Association
at the time of the 1988 Olympics bid, later became Prime Minister and headed
the Korean Red Cross.
aye Lee Won-hong (1929) headed of the Korea Broadcasting System at the time of
the 1988 Olympics bid, subsequently Minister of Culture and Information.
38. Jang Jung-ja is the widow of Chung Shin-yung, Chung Ju-yung’s younger brother
who passed away in German. Jang Jung-ja studied cello at a music conservatory
in Germany.
39. The song-il rice is a new strain of rice developed in 1970 that produced 30 percent
more rice per plant.
40. Jung Soo-chang (1919~1999) known to be a top South Korean corporate executive,
he was the chairman of Doosan Group, and from 1981 to 1987 he also headed
the Academy of Korean Studies.
41. Following nationwide protests, Chun Doo-hwan was forced to accept constitutional
reform that resulted in South Korea’s democratization in 1987.
Chapter 7. Mt. Geumgang and Siberia
42. The Tale of Chunhyang is a traditional Korean opera (Pansori), a love tale and also
Notes | 357
considered to be a story of resistance to the injustices of pre-modern Korean
society.
Appendix B. Chronology
43. Jeju Uprising was a popular armed uprising of forces opposing the formation of
a separate government on the southern half of the Korean peninsula.
44. Third Battle of Seoul was a massive retreat of UN Forces with the surprise attack
of Chinese forces that began at the basins of Yalu and Tumen Rivers and continued
to the south of Seoul, causing a massive number of Seoulites to flee.
45. 31 armed North Korean guerillas entered Seoul in a bid to storm the Blue House.
46. An incident in which North Korean naval forces captured the U.S. reconnaissance
ship Pued/o in international waters.
Born of This Land
My Life Story
Chung Ju-yung
Translated by The Asan Institute for Policy Studies
First edition April 2019
Publisher Hahm Chaibong
Published by The Asan Academy
Registration number 300-2013-154
Registration date December 16, 2013
Address 11, Gyeonghuigung 1ga-gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul 03176, Korea
Telephone +82-2-730-5842
Fax +82-2-730-5849
E-mail info@asaninst.org
Book design EGISHOLDINGS
ISBN 979-11-961934-4-7 03810
Copyright © 1998 by Chung Ju-yung
English translation copyright ©) 2019 by The Asan Academy
All Rights reserved, including the rights of reproduction in whole or in part in any form.
Printed in the Republic of Korea


There is no miracle in the “Miracle on the Han River.”
There is only earnest and conscientious work. As a
businessman and a hard working laborer born of this land,
I feel an infinite sense of pride that I have contributed
my share to this country’s breakthrough.
Adhering to the values of diligence and integrity, Ih ave
lived my entire life driven solely by the satisfaction
derived from hard work. I buried myself in work because
I enjoyed the very act of working, and having lived thus,
my soul became one with my work.
Because I liked working so much, I was never distracted
by fancy clothing, delicious foods, or luxurious goods. —
A worker by nature, I am who I am today as a result of
my hard work.
Even now, I don’t think I am too old to work. Work
knows no age. For the very best workers, there is only
the next assignment and the passion for the job.
Having been born of this land, my legacy to the next
generation is my simple beliien fth e purity of work. It is
my hope this idea and the life I’ve lived will be a source
of strength for our nation’s youth as they face the days
ahead.
Chung Ju-yung
Graduating from temporary manual labor to a stable job at the Pungjeon
Taffy Factory was a big step forward. And moving from the taffy factory
to a rice shop was a bigger step forward. As happy as I was being hired at
the taffy factory, I was even happier when the rice shop hired me. Even
though I had to make the long commute to the rice shop on foot to save
the five-cent trolley fare, I was elated to have a great job. I still remember
how good it felt when my improved financial situation allowed me to afford
a 10 cent meal instead of my usual five cent meal.
One might rightfully question how I developed such a successful business
after leaving home with nothing. However, one thing I need to point out
is that I’m not the wealthiest person in Korea, but I am a person who has
the greatest credibility in Korean and global economic circles. 1w ouldn't
have been able to do what I did by just hoarding money.
Through Hyundai, I was able to do everything a company could possibly
do. Our construction projects included the Gyeongbu Expressway; various
ports, including the Port of Busan; and power plants. In the absence of
Hyundai, the Korean economy would have oat behind by at least a
decade or two.
25,000 KRW / 22.00 USD
ISBN 979-1 1-961934-4-7
Wi